Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters . 
Scaramucci , who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory , is only upset that I didnt want him back in the Administration ( where he desperately wanted to be ). Also , I seldom had time to return his many calls to me . He just wanted to be on TV ! 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] Watching you on Fox with [HANDLE] now . Can ' t wait to hear what you two talked about . 
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster . We gave them months of notice . U . S . is looking so dumb . VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN ! 
Such a great honor . Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba , especially in the shadows of Brussels . He is being treated badly ! 
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men women who have been working so hard . But still so much to do . Will be back tomorrow ! 
Dem Memo : FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC . Wow ! 
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers . Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores ! 
 [HANDLE] : Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas ? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED ! [HASHTAG] 
As President , I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU , the American people ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH ? LET ' S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE ! [HASHTAG] : [URL] 
Plain Simple : We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people . [URL] 
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany , plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO military . Very bad for U . S . This will change
Well , the year has officially begun . I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around ! 
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea . Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit , and more . Kim Young Chol , the Vice Chairman of North Korea , heading now to New York . Solid response to my letter , thank you ! 
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election , I said it may be Russia , or China or another country or group , or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer . The Russian hoax was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did ! 
 [HANDLE] : Your opponent has run out of ideas , now resorts to personal attacks on you . Every Amercan knows , you represent HOPE !! 
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997 , or 21 years . The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U . S ., you would need a magic wand . I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better ! 
My wonderful daughter , Ivanka , will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on The Next Revolution . [HANDLE] 9 : 00 P . M . She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U . S . A .( and gets so little credit !). Then watch Mark Levin at 10 : 00 P . M ., a great show ! 
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton . We have Paul Ryan , always fighting the Republican nominee ! 
Liddle Adam Schiff , who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President , has just said that the Whistleblower , even though he or she only had second hand information , is credible . How can that be with zero info and a known bias . Democrat Scam ! 
Because of [HASHTAG] my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job . As seen here , they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB ! [URL] 
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists , who couldnt care less about our Country ! 
France and President [HANDLE] have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7 . Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had . Likewise , evening meeting with World Leaders went very well . Progress being made ! 
VOTE TODAY ! Go to [URL] to find your polling location . We are going to Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on [HANDLE] . Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
WOW , [HANDLE] Dossier is bogus . Clinton Campaign , DNC funded Dossier . FBI CANNOT ( after all of this time ) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIATRUMP COLLUSION . FBI TAINTED . And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign ! 
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert , Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State , will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador . I want to congratulate Heather , and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country ! 
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabes wife other than she ( they ) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI . I never called his wife a loser to him ( another McCabe made up lie )! 
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President , me ! T . V . ratings of CNN MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement . [HANDLE] up BIG ! 
Tennessee GOP Poll [URL] Trump 32 . 7 Cruz 16 . 5 Carson 6 . 6 Rubio 5 . 3 Christie 2 . 4 Jeb 1 . 6
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police . Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers ! 
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night . Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions , it will be a very big Hurricane , perhaps one of the biggest ! 
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don ' t get on the team , fast . We must fight them , Dems , in 2018 ! 
Secretary Pompeo and his guests will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2 : 00 A . M . in the morning . I will be there to greet them . Very exciting ! 
Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept . We MUST [HASHTAG] [URL] [HASHTAG] 
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President . First of many challenges . [URL] 
Poland , a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence . I will never forget my time there ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] : " [HASHTAG] is the only guy , I think , that has the will the nerve to attack to fight ." [URL] 
Before going any further today , I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis , Maryland . This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation , and filled our hearts with grief ... [URL] 
V . P . Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the SchumerPelosi representatives today . Many details of Border Security were discussed . We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete . It is both stronger less obtrusive . Good solution , and made in the U . S . A . 
I say openly to President Xi all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you dont make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries . Too expensive to buy in China . You had a great deal , almost completed , you backed out ! 
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn , and all other requested members of the White House Staff , to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel . In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents . Most transparent in history . No Collusion , No Obstruction . Witch Hunt ! 
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the [HASHTAG] a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year ! [URL] 
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees . They can ' t win so all they do is slow things down obstruct ! 
Great interview on [HANDLE] with the parents of Otto Warmbier : 1994 - 2017 . Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea . 
For years , even as a " civilian ," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare . Now they finally have their chance ! 
We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent , it was Hillary Clinton . How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad ? Marc Thiessen , Washington Post
 . [HANDLE] is now whimpering to all that he did the famous hair show with me ( where he seriously messed up my hair ), that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have humanized me-he is taking heat . He called said monster ratings . Be a man Jimmy ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] for the kind words . I am very proud of the role model you are for so many . NH IA radio ad : [URL] 
slaughter you . This is a purely religious threat , which turned into reality . Such hatred ! When will the U . S ., and all countries , fight back ? 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia , Russia , Russia Witch Hunt . More Networks and papers should do the same with their Fake News ! 
The Governor of Puerto Rico , Ricardo Rossello , is a great guy and leader who is really working hard . Thank you Ricky ! 
Great to be back in Iowa ! [HASHTAG] with [HANDLE] joining me in Davenport- this past winter . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE , INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA ! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME . JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE , GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY ! 
Tom Homan , fmr ICE Director : There is nobody that has done more for border security public safety than President Trump . Ive worked for six presidents , and I respect them all , but nobody has done more than this Administration President Trump , thats just a stone cold fact ! 
Democrats dont care about Border Security . They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum . Would be so easy ! They want Open Borders , which means CRIME , CRIME , CRIME ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on his 20th PGA Tour WIN . Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer , he is a wonderful guy . Big year ahead for Dustin ! 
The United States is considering , in addition to other options , stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea . 
Today , I was thrilled to announce a commitment of 25 BILLION 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years . THANK YOU [URL] 
No Collusion , No Obstruction - but that doesnt matter because the 13 Angry Democrats , who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats , want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election . Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing ! 
Spoke to [HANDLE] Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding . Also spoke to Governor [HANDLE] - all working together ! 
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico , with their unmatched spirit , know how bad things were before the H ' s . I will always be with them ! 
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on [HANDLE] and prior to the Super Bowl on [HANDLE] at 3 : 30 P . M . Enjoy ! 
General McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama . Last assignment a total bust . Known for big , dumb mouth . Hillary lover ! [URL] 
North Korea is behaving very badly . They have been " playing " the United States for years . China has done little to help ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Best Links Course in Britain . Ailsa Course opens June ' 16 Can ' t wait to play it [URL] 
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans ! We raised 6 , 000 , 000 . 00 while the politicians talked ! [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : I hope [HANDLE] has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching [HANDLE] . Watching Trump tonight [HASHTAG] 
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals , through large Caravans , into our Country . We have stopped the previous Caravans , and we will stop these also . With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive . Being Built ! 
 . [HANDLE] of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done ! Really big help with Tax Cuts , the Military and our great Vets . He has my Total Endorsement ! 
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting , I see that FBI LoverAgent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena is refusing to show up and testify . What can she possibly say about her statements and lies . So much corruption on the other side . Where is the Attorney General ? [HANDLE] 
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day , the TSA is falling apart , just like our government ! Airports a total disaster ! 
Why does the media , with a strong push from Crooked Hillary , keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes . Exactly opposite ! 
I hereby demand , and will do so officially tomorrow , that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBIDOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration ! 
Canada charges the U . S . a 270 tariff on Dairy Products ! They didnt tell you that , did they ? Not fair to our farmers ! 
Everybody is now acknowledging that , right from the time I announced my run for President , I was 100 correct on the Border . Remember the heat I took ? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes . The Border is being fixed . Mexico will not let people through ! 
Just out : Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3 . 2 at an annual rate . This is far above expectations or projections . Importantly , inflation VERY LOW . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
I win an election easily , a great " movement " is verified , and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS . A sorry state ! 
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street . Media is protecting her ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Everyone continues to pile onto Donald , but they can NEVER take away our votes !" Thank you ! 
While Washington , Michigan , was a big success , Washington , D . C ., just didnt work . Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big , boring bust ... the so-called comedian really bombed . [HANDLE] should host next year ! [HANDLE] 
Ted Cruz said on [HANDLE] that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens . Another lie-crazy ! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book " The Art of the Deal " for your donation of 184 or more . Get YOURS today ! [URL] 
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court . It is a document that even President Obama didnt feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway ! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must , based on the law , a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all ! 
It is so great to be back home ! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage , Long Island ! 
During the GOP convention , CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence . They dont want them heard . [URL] 
U . S . Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . Lead up to 9 : 00 A . M . ( eastern ) event has already begun . A great day for Israel ! 
Its about peace and Properity , thats how Republican Presidents get elected , and this President has delivered on the Economy and hes delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer . Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats , its the Media . John McLaughlin , pollster
The failing [HANDLE] writes false story after false story about me . They don ' t even call to verify the facts of a story . A Fake News Joke ! 
As you know , earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The shooter is in custody , and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police ... [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : A huge disappointment to see [HANDLE] constantly attack DonaldTrump . It has become almost unbearable to watch her show . 
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska . He is great with our Vets , the Military , and your very important Second Amendment . Strong on Crime and the Border , Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! 
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w President [HANDLE] . The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable . [URL] 
If they actually did this the markets would crash . Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history . It wasnt ! [URL] 
I will be live tweeting [HANDLE] Show in 10 minutes . Should be interesting . Will be on Fox Network ! ENJOY ! 
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem , Israel . Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth . 
Remember , I am the only candidate who is self-funding . While I am given little credit for this by the voters , I am not bought like others ! 
So sad that the Department of Justice and the FBI are slow walking , or even not giving , the unredacted documents requested by Congress . An embarrassment to our country ! 
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers ? What is going on ? 
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary . He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough . Cant let SchumerPelosi win this race . Liberal Jones would be BAD ! 
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House . She deserves this victory , she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away . She will win ! [HANDLE] 
Cruz says I supported TARP , which gave 25 million to Goldman Sachs , the bank which loaned him the money he didn ' t disclose . Puppet ! 
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats ! Gallup
My lawyers want to sue the failing [HANDLE] so badly for irresponsible intent . I said no ( for now ), but they are watching . Really disgusting
Why doesnt the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion ? [HANDLE] [HANDLE] How about the Dems also ? 
 . [HANDLE] of the [HANDLE] was terrible today on Face The Nation . No focus , poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration ! 
Over 50 women were interviewed by the [HANDLE] yet they only wrote about 6 . Thats because there were so many positive statements . 
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected . Not a good messenger ! 
The U . S . Senate should switch to 51 votes , immediately , and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved , fast and easy . Dems would do it , no doubt ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] . Look forward to joining you and [HANDLE] tomorrow in California . We are with you ! [URL] 
It was my great honor to welcome President [HANDLE] of Egypt to the United States this afternoon , in New York City . Great meetings ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Just landed in Panama City Beach , Florida for a rally beginning at 8 : 00 P . M . Eastern . Will be live on [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post ( lobbyist ) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall ( which is going up rapidly ), I would give them a Pardon . This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS ! 
IIhan Omar , a member of AOC Plus 3 , will win us the Great State of Minnesota . The new face of the Democrat Party ! [URL] 
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senates August Recess . Great , maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes . We need Border Security ! 
Happy to announce , I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary . He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices ! 
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who , as a Senator , never even shows up to vote - worst record . Marco Rubio is a joke ! 
Departing for Long Island now . An area under siege from [HASHTAG] gang members . We will not rest until [HASHTAG] is eradicated . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Today , I signed an Executive Order @ the U . S . Dept . of [HANDLE] : ' Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act [URL] 
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots . Thank you ! [URL] 
52 Approval Rating , 93 in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93 ( also ) of my press is REALLY BAD . The people are SMART ! 
The big Caravan of People from Honduras , now coming across Mexico and heading to our Weak Laws Border , had better be stopped before it gets there . Cash cow NAFTA is in play , as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen . Congress MUST ACT NOW ! 
Little Marco Rubio treated America ' s ICE officers " like absolute trash " in order to pass Obama ' s amnesty . [URL] 
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown , Pennsylvania . Get out VOTE on 11816 . Lets [HASHTAG] ! Watch : [URL] 
The Fake Media ( not Real Media ) has gotten even worse since the election . Every story is badly slanted . We have to hold them to the truth ! 
Arizona , please get out today and vote [HANDLE] for Congress in [HASHTAG] . Strong on Border , Immigration and Crime . Great on the Military . Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today . We need Debbie in Congress ! 
There hasnt been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea , there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages . Who knows how it will all turn out in the end , but why isnt the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts ? Because it is FAKE NEWS ! 
The [HASHTAG] will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe . Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world . Congratulations ! [URL] 
I ' m with you ! I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council ' s 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N . Korea ! 
 . [HANDLE] showed a focus group on [HANDLE] me using a very bad word . I never said the word , left an open blank . Please apologize ! 
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election , so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling , he said it couldnt happen , was no big deal , did NOTHING about it . When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok ! 
A great deal of good things happening for our country . Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs , and I believe will be getting even better ! 
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election ! Where is the DNC Server , and why didnt Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it ? Why isnt HillaryRussia being looked at ? So many questions , so much corruption ! 
It was my honor to welcome [HANDLE] Cup Series Champion [HANDLE] and his team to the [HANDLE] yesterday ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of [HASHTAG] on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador . After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada , having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task , Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations . Winner ! 
Senator Cryin Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal , even going at it with President Obama , then Voted AGAINST it ! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesnt really believe that ! Same with Comey . Thought he was terrible until I fired him ! 
If Republican Senate doesn ' t get rid of the Filibuster Rule go to a simple majority , which the Dems would do , they are just wasting time ! 
I dont blame China , I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U . S . on trade leading up to a point where the U . S . is losing 100 ' s of billions . How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue ? I would ' ve done same ! 
It is amazing how [HANDLE] gets on so many T . V . shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly ( ZERO ) in his pres run ! 
We will bring back our jobs . We will bring back our borders . We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams ! 
Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign . [HANDLE] WOW ! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out , and when it does , it will be a beauty ! 
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes . The Dems and Green Party can now rest . Scam ! 
WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT . Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U . S ., Andrew Cuomo , having a total meltdown ! 
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff ' s Star , or plain star ! 
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs , and he thanks me ! I will bring back jobs to USA . 
My sons , Don and Eric , are on [HANDLE] now 7 : 35 . Great kids , enjoy ! 
As everybody is aware , the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp , but to no avail . Stay tuned ! 
The very foul mouthed Sen . John McCain begged for my support during his primary ( I gave , he won ), then dropped me over locker room remarks ! 
Heading to Sioux County , Iowa , where the crowd is amazing . Dr . Robert Jeffress will make the introduction . Make America Great Again ! 
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders . Is she allowed to so collude ? Unfair to Bernie ! 
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U . S . This is just the beginning - much more to follow
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA , they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready , willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA ! 
Face The Nation ' s interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years . Congratulations and WOW ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Hopefully , Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production . Oil prices should be much lower based on supply ! 
I have asked Steve Daines , our great Republican Senator from Montana , to attend his daughter Annies wedding rather than coming to todays vote . Steve was ready to do whatever he had to , but we had the necessary number . To the Daines Family , congratulations-have a wonderful day ! 
How does a politician , Cuomo , known for pushing people and businesses out of his state , not to mention having the highest taxes in the U . S ., survive making the statement , WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT ? Which section of the sentence is worse ? 
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan . We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones . [URL] 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare ! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here : [URL] 
I look forward to hosting , right out of the great State of South Carolina , the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday , January 14th . What a game , what a coach , what a team ! 
Iowa was amazing last night . The event could not have worked out better . We raised 6 , 000 , 000 for our great vets . They were so happy proud
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright ! 
Obamacare continues to fail . Humana to pull out in 2018 . Will repeal , replace save healthcare for ALL Americans . [URL] 
Our Country was built on Tariffs , and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President . Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U . S . A . No longer ! 
This isnt about the Wall , everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly ( In Israel the Wall works 99 . 9 ). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump the Republicans have a win . They may have the 10 Senate votes , but we have the issue , Border Security . 2020 ! 
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning . We had a GREAT bilateral meeting ! [URL] 
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony . It will always be remembered . [URL] 
George Will , one of the most overrated political pundits ( who lost his way long ago ), has left the Republican Party . He ' s made many bad calls
Thank you [HANDLE] , you really get it ! The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - whats he supposed think ? 
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border , always committing crimes and being violent , and yet this info was not used in court . His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice . BUILD THE WALL ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] all candidates liars . Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying . 
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot . Big gain over last 4 weeks . I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans , the Cuts the Dems want to take away . We need more Republicans ! 
 . [HANDLE] , who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on [HANDLE] . 
Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - theres no doubt about that ! [HANDLE] 
Representative Devin Nunes , a man of tremendous courage and grit , may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure ! 
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil . Kim Jong Un called him a low IQ idiot , and many other things , whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer low IQ individual . Who could possibly be upset with that ? 
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago . Now a close runoff . He will be great in D . C . 
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates , beware - the candidates are mere puppets ! 
Thank you Council Bluffs , Iowa ! Will be back soon . Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just [URL] 
Charges Deal Don A Big Win , written by Michael Goodwin of the [HANDLE] , succinctly states that the Russians had no impact on the election results . There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign . She lost the old-fashioned way , by being a terrible candidate . Case closed . 
Cryin Chuck Schumer fully understands , especially after his humiliating defeat , that if there is no Wall , there is no DACA . We must have safety and security , together with a strong Military , for our great people ! 
Health Insurance stocks , which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years , plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall ! 
Thank you , Kansas ! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long . Massive crowd expected . Leaving Kansas now , be there soon ! 
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and [HANDLE] should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants , like Paradise [HASHTAG] in Kentucky ! 
Today , my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family . In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush , there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the [HANDLE] . [URL] 
The Fake News Media is going Crazy ! They are suffering a major breakdown , have ZERO credibility or respect , must be thinking about going legit . I have learned to live with Fake News , which has never been more corrupt than it is right now . Someday , I will tell you the secret ! 
Beginning today , the United States of America gets back control of its borders . Full speech from today [HANDLE] : [URL] 
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway , California . God bless you all . Suspect apprehended . Law enforcement did outstanding job . Thank you ! 
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Rod Blagojevich , the former Governor of Illinois , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . He has served 7 years . Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one . White House staff is continuing the review of this matter . 
Leaving Hamburg for Washington , D . C . and the WH . Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade North Korea . 
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty . I hardly even knew this guy . Just another of his many lies . His memos are self serving and FAKE ! 
The Economy is one of the best in our history , with unemployment at a 50 year low , and the Stock Market ready to again break a record ( set by us many times ) - all you heard yesterday , based on a phony story , was Impeachment . You want to see a Stock Market Crash , Impeach Trump ! 
 . [HANDLE] is a total phony and con man . When I wouldn ' t give him free hotel rooms and much more , he endorsed Cruz . [HANDLE] 
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
Totally unauthorized , do not pay . I am self funding my campaign ! Notice has just been withdrawn . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an ORGANIZATION OF TERROR . Portland is being watched very closely . Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job ! 
The unexpectedly good first quarter 3 . 2 GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China . Some people just dont get it ! 
Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing ... which happens in third world countries . You have to obey the law . This is an attack on our system Constitution . Alan Dershowitz . [HANDLE] 
Look how theyre acting now and how we act when were in the majority . What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power . They couldnt find anything ... they took a Fake Dossier couldnt find any Collusion . Now they have a fake witness in Cohen . Congressman Mark Green , ( R-TN ). 
On Taxes : This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever , going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago . This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy . Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow . Now real economics and jobs . [HANDLE] Report
I am encouraged by President Moon ' s assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers , b [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me . I am the one person she doesn ' t want to run against . Will be such fun ! 
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people . She correctly said no . It is the FAKE NEWS , which is a large percentage of the media , that is the enemy of the people ! 
Will be heading to one of my favorite places , South Carolina , to fight for one of my original fighters , Governor Henry McMaster . Speaking at 7 : 00 P . M . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] If Trump doesn ' t win , we may not be able to recuperate America . 
James Clapper , who famously got caught lying to Congress , is now an authority on Donald Trump . Will he show you his beautiful letter to me ? 
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals . We need change ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] -- failed " strategist " who can ' t find clients criticizes winning [HASHTAG] . Stop complaining try winning
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people . Our unprecedented meeting the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea proves that real change is possible ! [URL] 
In the last 2 weeks , I had 35M of negative ads against me in Florida I won in a massive landslide . The establishment should save their ! 
I don ' t watch or do [HANDLE] anymore . Small audience , low ratings ! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate . Joe is Joe . They lost their way ! 
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good . All are working hard . In the meantime , the Stock Market hit another record high ! 
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States , in Israel , and around the world . 
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator [HANDLE] . Look forward to being with all of my friends . 
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history , culture , and destiny . We are people who cherish our values , protect our civilization , and recognize the image of God in every human soul . [URL] 
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually , in numerous cases , planned out by liberal activists . Sad ! 
CEO ' s most optimistic since 2009 . It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut ! 
Stock Market at all time high , unemployment at lowest level in years ( wages will start going up ) and our base has never been stronger ! 
The failing [HANDLE] newspaper in N . H . just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads . How stupid , how desperate ! 
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border . They said it was not a crisis at the Border , that it was all just manufactured . Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it . Fix the Laws NOW ! 
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors . I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1 : 45 P . M . from the Rose Garden . Join me live : [URL] [URL] 
Just heard that crazy and very dumb [HANDLE] had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings [HANDLE] . Joe a mess ! 
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh . The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad solemn day . We were treated so warmly . Small protest was not seen by us , staged far away . The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful ! [URL] 
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina , District 3 . We really need Greg in Washington . He is great w the Military , our Vets , your 2A . Strong on Crime and the Border , has had my Total Endorsement for a long time . Please vote for Greg on September 10th ! 
THANK YOU ARIZONA ! 20 , 000 amazing supporters ! Get out and [HASHTAG] on Tuesday . I love you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldnt approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune . This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People . Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved , much bigger , but not Sinclair . Disgraceful ! 
After raising , w no obligation , almost 6M for Vets , I couldn ' t believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower . JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] bashing distinguished women journalists won ' t win you votes " She is 3rd rate , a total dummy ! 
Deroy Murdock , National Review : We are now exporting oil , which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas . This is not good if youre Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil . W . H . Agent - Not good for Kremlin . [HANDLE] 
Congresswoman [HANDLE] of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress . We need her badly in D . C . to keep building on [HASHTAG] . She has my Strong Endorsement ! 
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border . The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws . Would immediately solve the problem ! Mexico , with the strongest immigration laws in the World , refuses to help with illegal immigration drugs ! 
They ( Dems ) are scrambling for a theme and narrative . They ' ve gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion ... and now they ' ve come to this ... they think they should have won the 2016 election , they think in their bizarre brains that they did ..." [URL] 
Join me Monday in Columbus , Ohio Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ! [HASHTAG] 3pm in OH : [URL] 7pm in PA : [URL] 
Good night of television ! 8 : 00 PM [HANDLE] 9 : 00 PM [HANDLE] with interview of [HANDLE] followed by Greg G . Honest commentary is always nice ! 
Departing Washington , D . C . for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando , Florida . Look forward to seeing everyone soon ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Tonight , it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Finally , in the new ABC NewsWashington Post Poll , Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43 ! 
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville , and will provide whatever assistance is needed . We are ready , willing and able . [URL] 
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier , that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC , that was knowingly falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt ! 
Tonight I will be on [HANDLE] with [HANDLE] at 10pm and [HANDLE] w [HANDLE] at 10 : 10pm . Enjoy ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together , we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour . Look at the needless pain and suffering that they are causing . Look at the horrors taking place on the Border . Chuck Nancy , call me ! 
I will be on [HANDLE] [HANDLE] - tonight at 10pmE w [HANDLE] , from Wisconsin . Enjoy ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump . Trump is entitled to full legal fees . [HANDLE] Great , now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas . She will confirm the letter she signed ! She knows nothing about me , a total con ! 
Today , on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart , we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment . I wont let them take away our guns ! [HASHTAG] Watch : [URL] 
Watched the debate last night Beto ORourke , who wants higher taxes and far more regulations , is not in the same league with Ted Cruz what the great people of Texas stand for want . Ted is strong on Crime , Border 2nd A , loves our Military , Vets , Low Taxes . Beto is a Flake ! 
Great evening in Canton , Ohio-thank you ! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Join us : [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Video : Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel . [URL] 
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush , both hospitalized . Thank you for your wonderful letter ! 
A great great honor to welcome recognize the National Teacher of the Year , as well as the Teacher of the Year fro [URL] 
Great Strategic Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO ' s from around the United States . [URL] 
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows , in the strongest of terms , how unfairly I , and tens of millions of great people who support me , were treated . Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool . We should be given our stolen time back ? 
Pfizer others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason . They are merely taking advantage of the poor others unable to defend themselves , while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe elsewhere . We will respond ! 
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania . Keith is strong on Crime , the Border , and our Second Amendment . Loves our Military and our Vets . He has my total Endorsement ! 
Thats right [HANDLE] ! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work . Its about JOBS , JOBS , JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I already voted for you ! My wife did as well ! I represent [HASHTAG] ! We represent [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] let ' s have the policy speeches on immigration , economy , foreign policy , and NATO ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] Somewhere in that crowd am I . The Gymnasium was electric , the crowd unstoppable [HANDLE] Kingly . 
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana . Early voting today ; election next Saturday . 
The Democrats , when they incorrectly thought they were going to win , asked that the election night tabulation be accepted . Not so anymore ! 
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida . Congratulations to Ron and family ! 
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare . We are all pushing hard - must get it right ! 
Departing Golden , CO . for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally . Watch here : [URL] Overflow : [URL] 
The WTO is BROKEN when the worlds RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment . NO more !!! Today I directed the U . S . Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA ! 
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser , but if the GOP can ' t control their own , then they are not a party . Be tough , R ' s ! 
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night , in Mesa , honoring , and for , Martha [HANDLE] McSally . She is an inspiration will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona . Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet , really bad for State . Early Voting NOW ! Will be back soon . 
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke . [HANDLE] and the little watched [HANDLE] SAD ! 
The Rigged Witch Hunt , headed by the 13 Angry Democrats ( and now 4 more have been added , one who worked directly for Obama W . H .), seems intent on damaging the Republican Partys chances in the November Election . This Democrat excuse for losing the 16 Election never ends ! 
Ralph Northam , who is running for Governor of Virginia , is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs sanctuary cities . Vote Ed Gillespie ! 
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID ( Identification ) must play a very strong part in any final agreement . Without Voter ID , it is all so meaningless ! 
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep . Omar and Rep . Tlaib to visit . They hate Israel all Jewish people , there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds . Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office . They are a disgrace ! 
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful [HANDLE] over Brennans Security Clearance . Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance . Should be REVOKED ? [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : Actually , no [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] has a sick obsession with Trump . Every day , every show , trashing , negative , hate . 
As ridiculous as it sounds , the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from . A whole big wasted procedure must take place . Mexico Canada have tough immigration laws , whereas ours are an Obama joke . ACT CONGRESS
The new Rasmussen Poll , one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election , just out with a Trump 50 Approval Rating . That ' s higher than O ' s # ' s ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G . Q . shoot in his ad . Be careful , Lyin ' Ted , or I will spill the beans on your wife ! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat [HASHTAG] . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
The Radical Left Democrats , together with their leaders in the Fake News Media , have gone totally insane ! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working . Stay tuned for more ! 
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway , California . He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement werent ! 
Wheres the Collusion ? They made up a phony crime called Collusion , and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction ( of a phony crime that never existed ). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt , they scream Obstruction ! 
Heading to California with [HANDLE] Kevin McCarthy , [HANDLE] , and [HANDLE] . Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters , First Responders and [HANDLE] , along with the many brave People of California . We are with you all the way God Bless you all ! 
FLORIDA- Just like TX , WE are wyou today , we are wyou tomorrow , we will be wyou EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to RESTORE , RECOVER , REBUILD ! [URL] 
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare , Republican Senators must come through as they have promised ! 
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him . Typical politician - can ' t make a deal work . 
While the press doesnt like writing about it , nor do I need them to , I donate my yearly Presidential salary of 400 , 000 . 00 to different agencies throughout the year , this to Homeland Security . If I didnt do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA ! [URL] 
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County , which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a number , couldnt do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory ! 
Don ' t forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful [HANDLE] at 11 : 30 P . M . You will not be disappointed ! [HANDLE] 
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs , I wonder , what can they be thinking ? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off ? Lost 817 Billion on Trade last year . No weakness ! 
I would like to begin todays remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country , and a media org . I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody . [URL] 
Hundreds of good people , including very important Ambassadors and Judges , are being blocked andor slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate . Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction . Worst in U . S . history ! 
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman . She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress . She is Strong on Crime , the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment . Loves our Military and our Vets . Has my total and complete Endorsement ! 
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border , which must be part of any DACA approval . The safety and security of our country is [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
Dummy writer [HANDLE] , who wanted to do a second book with me for years ( I said no ), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted ! 
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General , [HANDLE] ! LIVE : [URL] 
Heading now to Pella , Iowa . Big crowd ! Remember , Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows . See you soon ! 
Meeting for breakfast with our Nations Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un . With complete Denuclearization , North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse . Without it , just more of the same . Chairman Kim will make a wise decision ! 
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes , we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL ! Lets get counterfeits off the market , and keep young children from Vaping ! 
We have turned away , at great expense , two major Caravans , but a big one has now formed and is coming . At least 8000 people ! If we had a powerful Wall , they wouldnt even try to make the long and dangerous journey . Build the Wall and Crime will Fall ! 
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST . Coming in from our southern border . We need strong border WALL ! 
The [HANDLE] first female Admiral , Alene Duerk once said : It was a nice distinction to have , and to be recognized as the first , but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could . Alene did just that , and America is forever grateful ! [URL] 
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle , from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by [HASHTAG] . If you see them , be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS . She will fight for lower taxes , great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up ! VOTE TODAY
 . [HANDLE] Pirro is following up her [HASHTAG] Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be [HASHTAG] Radicals , Resistance , and Revenge : The Left ' s Plot to Remake America . Out today , go get it ! 
Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American . I say shes a fraud ! 
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released . God bless them and their families ! 
Tomorrow the House votes on [HASHTAG] No Sanctuary For Criminals Act . Lawmakers must vote to put American safety [URL] 
Spoke with [HANDLE] of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes . Told him that [HANDLE] and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma . 
The state of Virginia economy , under Democrat rule , has been terrible . If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow , it will come roaring back ! 
Why does [HANDLE] w [HANDLE] allow a hater racist like [HANDLE] to waste good airtime ? [HANDLE] can do much better than him ! 
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia . The Primary is on Tuesday . Brian is tough on crime , strong on the border and illegal immigration . He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment . I give him my full and total endorsement . 
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council . Our Country will have many years of Great Economic Financial Success , with low taxes , unparalleled innovation , fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way ! [HASHTAG] 
Great crowd in Johnstown , Pennsylvania- thank you . Get out VOTE on 118 ! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA . this afternoon [URL] 
Aluminum prices are down 12 since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U . S . will be taking in Billions , plus jobs . Nice ! 
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the [HANDLE] today with [HANDLE] Pence . [URL] 
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio . No way to run a country ! 
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support . David is strong on crime and borders , loves our Military , Vets and Second Amendment . Get out and vote for David on Thursday , August 2nd . He has my Full and Total Endorsement ! 
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U . S ., say the haters losers . We have our hostages , testing , research and all missle launches have stoped , and these pundits , who have called me wrong from the beginning , have nothing else they can say ! We will be fine ! 
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues . There was no collusion , everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion , yet on and on it goes . Russia the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing . Republicans should finally take control ! 
Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept . I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable . Jonathan Turley
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing , they would be scorned called terrible names ! 
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business ( jobs )? The reason : Obstruction and Delay ! 
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA , the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting ( only non-fighters ) people over the heads with baseball bats , a major Organization of Terror ( along with MS-13 others ). Would make it easier for police to do their job ! 
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
If [HANDLE] doesnt clean up his act , stop cheating , doing negative ads , I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen . 
All of the phony T . V . commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS , the bandits that tell your pols what to do
Isnt it amazing that the people who were closest to me , by far , and knew the Campaign better than anyone , were never even called to testify before Mueller . The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say NO COLLUSION and only very good things ! 
The Jexodus movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party . Total disrespect ! Republicans are waiting with open arms . Remember Jerusalem ( U . S . Embassy ) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Nervous Nancy Pelosi the Democrat House are getting nothing done . Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA , the spectacular very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA , the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U . S . A . Great for our Farmers , Manufacturers Unions ! 
It is being reported that Leakin ' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions . Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration . Force him to answer the questions under oath ! 
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton . All of that work , energy and money , and nothing to show for it ! Waste of time . 
Wow , now leading in [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Poll 46 to 45 . Gone up 12 points in two weeks , mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up ! 
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change , and , other than the vast military power of the United States , that Irans people are what their leaders fear the most .... [URL] 
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary . [HASHTAG] 
Joy Behar , who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings , is even worse on [HANDLE] . We love Barbara ! 
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly , BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon ! 
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence ( who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana ). My first choice from start ! 
North Korea fired off some small weapons , which disturbed some of my people , and others , but not me . I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me , also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Bidan a low IQ individual , worse . Perhaps thats sending me a signal ? 
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the [HASHTAG] . He is very thankful for the great job done by [HANDLE] and First Responders . [URL] 
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines . Keep up the GREAT WORK ! [URL] 
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban . They know if certain people are allowed in it ' s death destruction ! 
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank File are great people ! 
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton , Ph . D ., U . S . Executive Dir , European Bank of Reconstruction Development . Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels . 
Obamacare is a disaster - as I ' ve been saying from the beginning . Time to repeal replace ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
A . G . Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes ... gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection . Totally illegal ! 
Twitter has removed many people from my account and , more importantly , they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all . A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship , now it is a Blimp ! Total Bias ? 
 [HANDLE] : Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say . If you ' re for Motherhood , he ' ll be against it ! 
I have directed that U . S . Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on .... cont : [URL] 
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja , Mexico , to build Corolla cars for U . S . NO WAY ! Build plant in U . S . or pay big border tax . 
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working . Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care . No thanks ! 
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U . S . Rory and Adam Scott are doing great ! Watch on NBC at 3 : 00 P . M . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Just found out that [HANDLE] is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me . Not nice , but OK ! New polls are great . 
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can ' t close the deal on Crazy Bernie , how is she going to take on China , Russia , ISIS and all of the others ? 
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com [URL] 
Im in the Oval Office . Democrats , come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security , including the Wall . You voted yes in 2006 and 2013 . One more yes , but with me in office , Ill get it built , and Fast ! 
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State . He will be a star ! 
It is time to take care of OUR people , to rebuild OUR NATION , and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Im proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria . Senator Rand Paul . I couldnt agree more with the presidents decision . By definition , this is the opposite of an Obama decision . Senator Mike Lee
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile . Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U . S . made with them ! 
Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High ! [HANDLE] And will continue to rise ( unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built ). 
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history . Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it , Im only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1 trash heap , President O ! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY ! 
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014 . He had the policy of child separation . I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border ! [HANDLE] 
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday , very much to my surprise , and we had a very interesting talk about national security , and more ! 
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core . Get rid of Common Core --- keep education local ! 
 [HANDLE] : FOX calls Virginia for Trump . If it holds , it ' s a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio , who needed to win the state . 
Crooked H destroyed phones w hammer , ' bleached ' emails , had husband meet wAG days before she was cleared- they talk about obstruction ? 
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President . Get used to it , another low I . Q . individual ! 
The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque , in other words , Im not going to charge this person ( there wasnt even close to being a crime ), but Im going to criticize him on the way out the door . Thats unfortunate because its stepping outside of the role . Robert Ray
Thank you [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate . Cryin Chuck will never stop . Did Senator [HANDLE] ever report speaking to a Russian !? 
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal Replace ObamaCare . Money direct to States ! 
I will be at the [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] in Bedminster , NJ tomorrow . Big crowds expected the women are playing great-should be very exciting ! 
After witnessing first hand the horror devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey , my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas ! 
In more and more places throughout this region , citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies , and unlocked the potential of their people . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months : S . C ., surging economy jobs , border military security , ISIS MS-13 etc . 
Isnt it a shame that someone can write an article or book , totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact , and get away with it without retribution or cost . Dont know why Washington politicians dont change libel laws ? 
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State , forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities . Bill prohibits local Govt from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants ... [HANDLE] 
Lyin ' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the " C " markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED . How can this be happening ? 
Sleazy Adam Schiff , the totally biased Congressman looking into " Russia ," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse ! 
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and dont even care anymore . Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS ! 
Just landed in Ohio . Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT . It is time to [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top , DWS . Too bad Bernie flamed out
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective . Does nothing . All talk , no action -- maybe her Native American name ? 
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday . 5 . 3 trillion dollars up since Election . Fake News doesn ' t spent much time on this ! 
I am no fan of President Obama , but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is : [URL] 
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the [HANDLE] . We will never fail , and we will always protect your Second Amendment ! God Bless you , and God Bless America ! [URL] 
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments . 
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption its squandering of the nations wealth to fund terrorism abroad . Iranian govt should respect their peoples rights , including right to express themselves . The world is watching ! [HASHTAG] 
Had the information ( Crooked Hillarys emails ) been released there would have been harm to National Security ...." Charles McCullough Fmr Intel Comm Inspector General [URL] 
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U . S . If it were not for striking oil , they would be bust ! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud ! 
Today , I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow . Watch and read more [URL] 
Baltimore , under the leadership of Elijah Cummings , has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation . 25 years of all talk , no action ! So tired of listening to the same old Bull ... Next , Reverend Al will show up to complain protest . Nothing will get done for the people in need . Sad ! 
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA . We should MATCH , or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years ! 
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall . The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before . So proud of you all . Now on to the Senate ! 
Despite so many false statements and lies , total and complete vindication ... and WOW , Comey is a leaker ! 
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U . S . A . is saving through the new Trade Deal , the USMCA , that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal , which has so badly hurt our Country . Mexico Canada will also thrive - good for all ! 
Homeland Security [HANDLE] did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country , while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete nasty laws , which force family separation . We want heart and security in America ! 
False reporting yesterday . There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities , including Florida . [HANDLE] Not by airplanes or any other way . Our Country is FULL , will not , and can not , take you in ! 
Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my " wires tapped " in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! 
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign . Leaving the past behind , changing our future . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAF [URL] 
Presidency . Two of my children , Don and Eric , plus executives , will manage them . No new deals will be done during my term ( s ) in office . 
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country its people- how did he get thru system ? 
For the 1st time in American history , Americas 16 , 500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme ! Thank you . 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U . S . Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterdays Southern California helicopter crash . We pray for their families , and our great [HANDLE] . 
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States , making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed . We are doing a great job of law enforcement , but things such as this make safety in America difficult ! 
 [HANDLE] : Let me help you Trumpophobes with math : Trump : ( 10 . 3B-1 . 2M 74 ' equity ) 1 . 2M 858 , 233 . SP : 1314 . 5 [HASHTAG] 
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare . Millions of people benefit ! 
Hans Von Spakovsky , I havent seen any evidence of actual violations of the law , which is usually a basis before you start an investigation . Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they dont have any evidence of wrongdoing . 
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client ? So sad ! Is this a first , never heard of it before ? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated ( cut ) while I was presumably saying positive things ? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so ? Too bad ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders . Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me . 
We will push onward to victory whope in our hearts , courage in our souls everlasting pride in each every one of you . God Bless America . [URL] 
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE . For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion . They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party ! 
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the Trump Administration gets great credit for reuniting illegal families . Thank you , and please look at the previous administrations record - not good ! 
Axios ( whatever that is ) sat back and said GEEEEE , lets see , what can we make up today to embarrass the President ? Then they said , why dont we say he wants to bomb a hurricane , that should do it ! The media in our Country is totally out of control ! 
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A . G ., who are illegally using the States legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization , others . It must get its act together quickly , stop the internal fighting , get back to GREATNESS - FAST ! 
Its March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA . Gave them 6 months , they just dont care . Where are they ? We are ready to make a deal ! 
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet . I said , of course , NO ! 
My statement as to what ' s happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on [HANDLE] concerning immigrants Sweden . 
We will defend our people , our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life ... cont : [URL] [URL] 
Thats right , The Trump Foundation gave away 100 plus , with Zero rent or expenses charged , and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt . Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at ! 
Ted Cruz , along with Jeb Bush , pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court . Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice , but didn ' t ! 
Senator Luther Strange , who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama , will be on [HANDLE] at 7 : 15 . Tough on crime , borders etc . 
 [HANDLE] : I respected Cruz ppl until this lie . We ' re just tired of it from your side . 1949z [HANDLE] [URL] NO ! 
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas . FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged . More to follow . 
I loved being at Liberty University today ! Record setting crowd , unbelievable people ! Thank you Jerry and Becki ! [URL] 
Rush Limbaugh is great , tells it as he sees it --- really honorable guy ! Thanks Rush ! [HASHTAG] 
Wow ! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness . I have already MADE America Great Again , just look at the markets , jobs , military- setting records , and we will do even better . Andrew choked badly , mistake ! 
I will be in Cincinnati , Ohio tomorrow night at 7 : 30pm- join me ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] Tickets : [URL] 
I have met spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project . I will fight for them everyday ! [URL] 
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11 : 30 A . M . to discuss School Safety . Next week it will be with our Nations Governors . Its been many years of all talk , no action . Well get it done ! 
In High Tax , High Crime California , be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor . He will make a BIG difference ! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat [HASHTAG] . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons . They have nothing going but to obstruct . Now have an Obama A . G . 
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74 ! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy . He will be missed by all ! 
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the 150 billion we are giving them ... but they won ' t buy from U . S ., rather Airbus ! 
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions . I will eliminate the law , in its entirety , replace it w something much better . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary ! Her rallies are held in ( blank ) she still has room . 
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent , say good bye to the Supreme Court ! 
More people are working today in the United States , 158 , 000 , 000 , than at any time in our Countrys history . That is a Big Deal ! 
Great golf champion friend , Ernie Els ( [HANDLE] ), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn , focusing on Education , Research , Global Outreach , Recreation Services , Therapy Services , Adult Services . [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever . As always , [HANDLE] calls it right : Trump held them off . [HASHTAG] 
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system . Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security . [URL] 
New York Yankees President , Randy Levine : ' End of the Republican Party ' If Donald Trump Not Nominated . [URL] 
Our not very bright Vice President , Joe Biden , just stated that I wanted to " carpet bomb " the enemy . Sorry Joe , that was Ted Cruz ! 
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it , including legislation on gun safety , lowering of prescription drug prices , infrastructure , etc . So bad for our Country ! 
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes , including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release . Democrats must abandon their resistance ... [URL] 
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife , Ashley , will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly ! 
Julian Assange said " a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta " - why was DNC so careless ? Also said Russians did not give him the info ! 
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea . We will soon see where it will lead , hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace . Only time ( and talent ) will tell ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] of North Carolina ( [HASHTAG] ) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress . Greg is tough on Crime , Borders , and loves our Second Amendment , our Military and our Vets . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! 
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech . I could feel the electricity in thr air . Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
Wow ! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossiers discredited author , Trump hater Christopher Steele . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people ! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops , Crooked Hillary and the DNC . 
Epic crowd in Moon Township , Pennsylvania tonight . Thank you ! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick [HANDLE] . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Throughout my travels , I ' ve had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America . I ' ve had the honor of sharing our vision for a free open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign independent nations , wdiverse cultures many different dreams , can all prosper side-by-side . [URL] 
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue . You are an incredible patriot ! 
When will [HANDLE] give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him . 
Thank you [HANDLE] for the wonderful statement that " the new par 3 9th hole [HANDLE] Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain . 
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border . Thank you Jerry , good move for the safety of our Country ! 
Two Tweets missing from last batch , probably a Twitter error . No time for a redo ! Only the Dems get redos ! 
Theresa [HANDLE] , dont focus on me , focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom . We are doing just fine ! 
We are TRYING to fight ISIS , and now our own people are killing our police . Our country is divided and out of control . The world is watching
The reason I am staying in Bedminster , N . J ., a beautiful community , is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive . Meetings ! 
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement . Very much appreciated . Clinton ' s conduct has been " disqualifying . 
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a " hell hole " and a mess and the failing [HANDLE] wrote a critical article . I was so right ! 
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel . This is the new face the of Democrat Party ? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel . Check out Rep . Omar ( the great people of Minnesota wont stand for this ). 
I ' m protesting the [HANDLE] from having anything to do w ABC debate . Their unethical record doesn ' t give them the right to be involved ! 
I have millions more voteshundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich , and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC . 
Just got back from Asheville , North Carolina , where we had a massive rally . The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable . Thank you ! [HASHTAG] 
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal . He works hard and is respected by all - he produces ! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military Vets ! 
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43 and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50 . Great news for your 401 ( k ) s as they continue to grow . We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible ! 
House votes on controversial FISA ACT today . This is the act that may have been used , with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier , to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others ? 
While I very much appreciate P . M . Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal . They are not ready , and neither are we ! 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder wa free ind UK . We stand together as friends , as allies , as a people wa shared history . 
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is " no reason to be alarmed ! 
The FAKE NEWS media ( failing [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the American People ! 
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits . I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts . [HASHTAG] 
Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable , because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement . It proved No Collusion , people want to trace it back to see how this all happened ? [HANDLE] [HANDLE] TREASONOUS HOAX ! 
Democrats should stop fighting Sen . David Perdues disaster relief bill . They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America ! 
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families . Thank you to our Japanese allies for th [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Your paycheck is bigger , your pension is stronger . [HANDLE] Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years , perhaps ever . Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better ! Many companies moving back to the U . S . A . 
As a candidate , I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade , protect American workers , and defend our national security . Today , we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment . [URL] [URL] 
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina . Dan is strong on Crime , Loves our Military , Vets , 2A , and great Healthcare . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! [HASHTAG] 
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance , agreement , commmitment it has made to the U . S . and its allies . It ' s broken all of those commitments ... [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] She ' s choking on the results ! Call her justifiable Kelly . Justifying everything she says . 
this election . That is a direct threat to our democracy ." She then said , " We have to accept the results and look to the future , Donald -- 
Thank you so much to [URL] for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year . This is indeed a great honor for me ! 
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP Legacy Of Leading On Womens , Civil Rights Against Racist , Sexist Democrats " [URL] 
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people . Phony politicians ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about . The danger is massive . NO ! 
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea Progress being made . Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim ! [URL] 
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U . S . Administration in its first two ( not even ) years of existence , we are having a great time doing it ! All of this despite the Fake News Media , which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People ! 
I ' m with YOU ! I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
I will renegotiate NAFTA . If I cant make a great deal , were going to tear it up . Were going to get this economy running again . [HASHTAG] 
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster . 
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isnt this so-called probe ended immediately ? Why arent these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary ? 
Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments . Since President Trump took office , the economy is booming . The stronger the economy gets , the more desperate his critics are . O had weakest recovery since Great Depression . [HANDLE] 
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton , in 2008 , worked long and hard for Hillary ? She LOST ! Now Bill is at it again . Just watch . 
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology . Leaders pointed to Qatar - look ! 
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota . He will make for a great Congressman . Pete is strong on crime and borders , loves our Military , Vets and Second Amendment . Vote for Pete tomorrow . He has my full and total Endorsement ! 
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea . The World wants Peace , not Death ! 
The Washington Post calls out [HASHTAG] for what she REALLY is . A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR ! Watch that nose grow ! [URL] 
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story , found zero proof , so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story . Nice
 [HANDLE] : [HASHTAG] VOTE SMART [HANDLE] RECORDS R SEALED .. WHAT IS HE HIDING ? SAVE AMERICA W [HANDLE] [URL] 
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun . But if Im all of those terrible things , how come I beat them so badly , 306-223 ? Maybe theyre just not very good ! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they cant beat me in 2020 ! 
Also , congratulations to [HANDLE] on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump ( thank you President Trump )! 
What were seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Should never have been started , a disgrace ! 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away , AMERICA will become the WORLD ' S great magnet for innovation job creation ! [URL] 
After seven years of " talking " Repeal Replace , the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare ! 
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that , for many years , have not treated the United States fairly . In the end , all will be happy ! 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] got ass kicked by [HANDLE] last night-He offended every New Yorker has no answer to Natural Born issue
Thank you Greeley , CO ! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt . Our plan will END govt . corruption ! Watch : [URL] 
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals ( broke Harry Trumans Record ), Regulation Cutting , Judicial Appointments , Building Military , VA , TAX CUTS REFORM , Record EconomyStock Market and so much more , I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news ? 
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders , including my meeting with Vladimir Putin . Much to discuss . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me " Person of the Year " - a great honor ! 
To the men who sit behind me , and to the boys who rest in the field before me : your example will never grow old . Your legend will never tire , and your spirit - brave , unyielding , and true - will NEVER DIE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on [HANDLE] at 10pmE from Austin , Texas . Enjoy ! [URL] 
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11 : 00 A . M . He will be a great Justice . Very proud of him ! 
Another very bad terror attack in France . We are going to strengthen our borders even more . Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security ! 
I am in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , for meetings . Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn , which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin . 15 , 000 Jobs , so great ! 
Jobs are returning , illegal immigration is plummeting , law , order and justice are being restored . We are truly making America great again ! 
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast Steven Newhouse , a friend . Will go this AM . 
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U . S ., China and Russia . But it was Germany in World Wars One Two - How did that work out for France ? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U . S . came along . Pay for NATO or not ! 
Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster , North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper , and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm . Federal Government stands by , ready to assist 247 . 
I will be on [HANDLE] at 8 : 30 A . M . Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz ! 
Going to Salt Lake City , Utah , for a big rally . Lyin ' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don ' t like LIARS ! I beat Hillary
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive , comprehensive , affordable system . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia . If the three failing pols were Republicans , far stronger action would be taken . Virginia will come back HOME Republican ) in 2020 ! 
The Obama Administration built the Cages , not the Trump Administration ! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS . 
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat . Debbie will do a Great Job ! Press is so silent . 
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal , including a doubling in the number of recipients a twelve year pathway to citizenship , for two reasons : ( 1 ) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem . ( 2 ) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA , only use it ! 
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America , the economic jobs numbers are great . Regulations way down , jobs and enthusiasm way up ! 
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother , as her mother gave our country away , the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES ! 
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of [HASHTAG] . Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities . You are in our thoughts ! [URL] 
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country . Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years . News coverage has got to start being fair , balanced and unbiased , or these terrible problems will only get worse ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I am a woman who continues to support stand with [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] [URL] Thank you . 
How can the Democrats , who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime , do well in November . The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security , while the Democrats are more interested in ripping apart and demeaning ( and not properly funding ) our great Law Enforcement ! 
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one . Pathetic
Thanks to very brave Teacher Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville , Indiana , for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives . His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world ! 
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St . Augustine , Florida ! Lets [HASHTAG] MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
I will be in Evansville , Indiana , with the great Bobby Knight ( who last night endorsed me ) at 12 : 00 this afternoon . See you there ! 
I applaud and congratulate the U . S . Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE , Judge Brett Kavanaugh , to the United States Supreme Court . Later today , I will sign his Commission of Appointment , and he will be officially sworn in . Very exciting ! 
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will , Sean Spicer , has written a great new book , The Briefing : Politics , the Press and the President . It is a story told with both heart and knowledge . Really good , go get it ! 
When a politician admits that Were not going to make America great again , there doesnt seem to be much reason to ever vote for him . This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo , with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris ! 
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama . Luther Strange started way back ran a good race . Roy , WIN in Nov ! 
If you can ' t run your own house you certainly can ' t run the White House " A statement made by Mrs . Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you Washington ! Honored to say , on behalf of our great movement , we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history . 
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today [HANDLE] . It means a great deal to me . We will not disappoint ! [HASHTAG] 
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public . Already spoke to NRA , doesnt seem to make much sense ! 
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive ! Look forward to it . 
Thank you [HANDLE] . An honor to be with you today . Great news ! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017 . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] is a Common Sense Conservative ! President TrumpCompetence , Safety , Unity , US JOBS , JOBS , JOB . 
Uranium deal to Russia , with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge , is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn ' t want to follow ! 
I thought and felt I would win big , easily over the fabled 270 ( 306 ). When they cancelled fireworks , they knew , and so did I . 
NBC FAKE NEWS , which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story , is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct . I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN . Look at their license ? 
It was a really great day for America ! A special evening tonight on [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Will be very interesting ! 
DACA is dead because the Democrats didnt care or act , and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon ... No longer works . Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation . Democrats want No Borders , hence drugs and crime ! 
V . P . Mike Pence and team just left the White House . Briefed me on their meeting with the SchumerPelosi representatives . Not much headway made today . Second meeting set for tomorrow . After so many decades , must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border ! 
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque ? Very sad that he did not go ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant . They look terribly weak " Thank you ! 
Great being in Cincinnati , Ohio last night- thank you ! Off to Washington D . C . now . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED , and other things ! 
On my way to Cedar Falls , Iowa , now . Will be great -- I love the people of Iowa ! 
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad ! Would be four more years of stupidity ! 
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt , the Democrats dont like the result and they want a DO OVER . In other words , the Witch Hunt continues ! 
Why can ' t the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger , stronger party ! 
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour . Some really good people within both the new and old government , and all working closely together .... A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon ! 
Look how bad it is getting ! How much more crime , how many more shootings , will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote TrumpSAFE ! 
We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate , or his campaign , under investigation . That raises legitimate questions . I just find this really odd ... this goes to the heart of our electoral system . Jonathan Turley on [HANDLE] 
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets . He had a long and very dangerous criminal record . Looked like he was having a good time after his capture , and after wounding so many police . Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime ! 
The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country . They know they lied ... Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more . Clapper Brennan , all lies [HANDLE] 
Clinton campaign DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier . The victim here is the President ." [HANDLE] 
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet ! They should be ashamed of themselves ! No wonder D . C . doesn ' t work ! 
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history . Now Im pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance . I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans ! 
Facebook , Google and Twitter , not to mention the Corrupt Media , are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats . But fear not , we will win anyway , just like we did before ! [HASHTAG] 
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia . They are truly all HEROES . 
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two ( maybe four ) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it the Israeli people . Dems have such disdain for Israel ! What happened ? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party ! 
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters , Repeal Replace is not dead ! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill ! 
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale , who will be a great Senator . Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down does not deserve another six years . Matt is strong on Crime , the Borders , will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught . Loves our Military Vets ! 
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina ' s 5th District . We are all honored by your success tonight ! 
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh . It wasnt the editor , the Times knew everything . They are sick and desperate , losing in so many ways ! 
Just for your info , tax returns have 0 to do w someones net worth . I have already filed my financial statements w FEC . They are great ! 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away , AMERICA will become the world ' s great magnet for INNOVATION JOB CREATION . [URL] 
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel . Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee . A dark day for Israel ! 
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it . 
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go . Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally , after many decades , properly Secure Our Border . The Wall is getting done one way or the other ! 
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging demeaning my use of social media because they don ' t want America to hear the real story ! 
We ' re going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class . She ' s raising your taxes and I ' m lowering your taxes ! [URL] 
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years . Also , looking like a direct hit on North Carolina , South Carolina and Virginia . Please be prepared , be careful and be SAFE ! 
 [HANDLE] : Congratulations to President-elect [HANDLE] -- the electoral votes are in and it ' s official ." Thank you Franklin ! 
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , or CFPB , has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick . Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public . We will bring it back to life ! 
Why aren ' t the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston , which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision ? 
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally . It would be the biggest of them all ! 
Finally , Mainstream Media is getting involved - too hot to avoid . Pulitzer Prize anyone ? The New York Times , on front page ( finally ), Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign . [HANDLE] This is bigger than WATERGATE , but the reverse ! 
Today , [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the [HANDLE] for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] ! Congratulations [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by [HANDLE] . She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing ! Terrible ! 
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today . Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact . The writers dont even call asking for verification . They are totally out of control . Sadly , I kept many of them in business . In six years , they all go BUST ! 
People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U . S . legally . Chuck Schumer in 2009 , before he went left and haywire ! [HANDLE] 
Gold Star father , Ceejay Metcalf , whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House , was fantastic this morning on [HANDLE] . He is a special man ! 
79 of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit . [HANDLE] A terrible , costly and dangerous disgrace . It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays . Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits . Too big ! 
Tonight in Tokyo , Japan at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan Stadium , it was my great honor to present the first-ever U . S . Presidents Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama . Congratulations ! A great time had by all , thank you [HANDLE] !! [URL] 
about that ... Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here , when people make mistakes , they should APOLOGIZE ." Media should also apologize
People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U . S . legally . Chuck Schumer in 2009 , before he went left and haywire ! [HANDLE] 
President Donald J . Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy Read more : [URL] [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U . S . A . G . to work out a deal . The system is totally rigged corrupt ! 
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor . Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job . Tough on crime , Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes . He will win in November and make a Great Governor , a major difference maker . Bob has my total Endorsement ! 
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields . Germany competes with the USA . Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do . They put us at a disadvantage against our competition . Strong Dollar , No Inflation ! They move like quicksand . Fight or go home ! 
Wow , Rowanne Brewer , the most prominently depicted woman in the failing [HANDLE] story yesterday , was on [HANDLE] saying Times lied
Stay on message " is the chant . I always do - trade , jobs , military , vets , 2nd A , repeal Ocare , borders , etc - but media misrepresents ! 
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY . It is very bad for our Great Country .... BUT WE ARE WINNING ! 
This is the simple fact about [HANDLE] : she is a typical politician - all talk , no action . [HASHTAG] 
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State , Montana ! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border , fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets . He has my full and complete Endorsement ! 
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One . Many World leaders in attendance . Thank you to [HANDLE] , President of France ! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes ! Then back to the U . S . A . 
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians . Biggest story in politics . This will not be allowed ! 
Do you think its just luck that gas prices are so low , and falling ? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut ! 
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein , Chabad of Poway , where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California . What a great guy . He had a least one finger blown off , and all he wanted to do is help others . Very special ! 
Nobody is watching [HANDLE] anymore . Gone off the deep end - bad ratings . You won ' t believe what I am watching now ! 
Border Patrol Agents want the Wall . Democrats say they dont want the Wall ( even though they know it is really needed ), and they dont want ICE . They dont have much to campaign on , do they ? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity ! 
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on [HANDLE] and cable ratings are those that are Fair ( or great ) to your favorite President , me ! Congratulations to [HANDLE] for being the number one shoe on Cable Television ! 
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years . It forces great people , and real leaders , to leave after serving . The Dems have unlimited terms . While that has its own problems , it is a better way to go . Fewer people , in the end , will leave ! 
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare . They MUST keep their promise to America ! 
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together , talk and have a good time . So sad ! 
On this day of prayer , we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator . We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty , we pray that THIS nation OUR home these United States will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace the eternal GLORY OF GOD ! [URL] 
As a candidate , I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday , working Americans . If you make your voices heard , this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM , PROSPERITY AND PRIDE ! [URL] 
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didnt get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain , thereby setting up a Supreme Court case . After ruling , Dems dropped deal - and thats where we are today , Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall . 
I will be in PR on Tues . to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist support the people in their time of great need . 
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly .... but in the end , that doesnt matter . We will all know soon whether or not a real deal , unlike those of the past , can happen ! 
The highest level of bias Ive ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer . Trey Gowdy on the FBIs own , Peter Strzok . Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller . A really sick deal , isnt it ? 
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border . Todays vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders , Drugs and Crime ! 
Great evening last night in Washington , Michigan . The enthusiasm , knowledge and love in that room was unreal . To the many thousands of people who couldnt get in , I cherish you .... and will be back ! 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular successful [HANDLE] of VA . A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : This veteran just voted [HANDLE] in the SC primary , let ' s make America great again ! 
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero , Detective Steven McDonald . Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support . 
Wow ! Ted Cruz received 487K in campaign contributions , 11M from a NY hedge fund mogul , 1M low int . loan from Goldman Sachs . Hypocrite
Obamacare is a disaster . Rates going through the sky - ready to explode . I will fix it . Hillary can ' t ! [HASHTAG] 
Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border . Need to stop Drugs , Human Trafficking , Gang Members Criminals from coming into our Country . Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats ? 
Tonight , it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington , it is great to see the A . G . taking action ! For National Security , the tougher the better ! 
Im in the White House , waiting . The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay . They are having fun and not even talking ! 
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific [HASHTAG] shooting . [URL] 
Armed Educators ( and trusted people who work within a school ) love our students and will protect them . Very smart people . Must be firearms adept have annual training . Should get yearly bonus . Shootings will not happen again - a big very inexpensive deterrent . Up to States . 
The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J . Trump . Covington student suing WAPO . Go get them Nick . Fake News ! 
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now ." Thank you Stuart Varney [HANDLE] Jobs are starting to roar , watch ! 
Brad Blakeman : The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them . The President says look , this is your neighborhood , youve got to stand up to protect yourselves . Dont always look to America . 
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration , with the worst voting record in the U . S . Senate in many years . He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany . One thing is certain , we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win ! 
The [HANDLE] story has just been totally refuted by Sec . Tillerson and [HANDLE] Pence . It is [HASHTAG] . They should issue an apology to AMERICA ! 
Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts . We will win big ! [URL] 
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning . 
I don ' t want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary . His time will come ! 
Bernie Sanders , who has lost most of his leverage , has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton . He will endorse her today - fans angry ! 
Great Army - Navy Game . Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY ( last time was 1996 ). Wow ! Congratulations ! 
Trumps Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy ! Thank you Steve Hilton [HANDLE] , just want to do what is right for our wonderful U . S . A . 
The very dishonest [HANDLE] refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my 50 million loan to my campaign . Done deal ! 
New Fox Poll : 58 of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J . Trump . [HANDLE] 
That ' s right , we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries , not some politically correct term that won ' t help us protect our people ! 
Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE ( 304-227 ) Electoral College landslide victory ! [URL] 
Great , and we should boycott Fake News CNN . Dealing with them is a total waste of time ! [URL] 
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me " old ," when I would NEVER call him " short and fat ?" Oh well , I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen ! 
It is my pleasure to announce that [HANDLE] , a very respected Economist , will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board . I have known Steve for a long time and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice ! 
Is Cruz honest ? He is in bed w Wall St . is funded by Goldman SachsCiti , low interest loans . No legal disclosure never sold off assets . 
 [HANDLE] : BUSTED AGAIN : [HANDLE] in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising [HASHTAG] [URL] The guy is bad news
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister [HANDLE] . Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish ! 
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp ( [HANDLE] ) of Georgia . Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone . I stand by ready to assist , along with our great team at [HANDLE] were with you ALL THE WAY ! 
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston , and all over Texas . Floods are unprecedented , and more rain coming . Spirit of the people is incredible . Thanks ! 
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam , Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the [HANDLE] this afternoon . [URL] 
Our legal system is broken ! " 77 of refugees allowed into U . S . since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries ." ( WT ) SO DANGEROUS ! 
The only people who are not interested in being the V . P . pick are the people who have not been asked ! 
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship , during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation , to 2 , 500 Iranians - including to government officials . How big ( and bad ) is that ? 
Republican Senators will not let the American people down ! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead ! 
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book , Ship of Fools . It just went to NUMBER ONE ! 
You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly , by all accounts , to spy on the Trump Team . Tom Fitton , JW
 [HANDLE] : Hillary read " sigh " off the Teleprompter , She ' s so fake she has to be told how to feel : [URL] [HANDLE] 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President [HANDLE] and First Lady Juliana Awada to t [URL] 
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in [HASHTAG] and Palm Beach . Florida voted for Rick Scott ! 
The White House Correspondents Dinner is DEAD as we know it . This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for . FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night ! 
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage . He has ties to ISIS . Should be in jail ! [URL] 
The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didnt see what went on at the hearings ! [HANDLE] The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller the Democrats . Nevertheless , the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it ! 
 . [HANDLE] T . V . show , which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air , is constantly asking me to go on . I TELL THEM " NO
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - cant believe it ! Isnt it in contract that players must stand at attention , hand on heart ? The 40 , 000 , 000 Commissioner must now make a stand . First time kneeling , out for game . Second time kneeling , out for seasonno pay ! 
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it . Lindsey Graham ran for president , got ZERO , and quit ! Why are they now spokesmen against me ? Sad ! 
Not surprisingly , the GREAT Men Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey , McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI . Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI ! [HASHTAG] 
Thank you to the LGBT community ! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs . 
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution . We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs . 
Great to be in New York for the day . Heading back to the [HANDLE] now , lots of work to be done ! [URL] 
I really enjoyed the debate last night . Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things . Why hasn ' t she done them in her last 30 years ? 
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October . Im picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find . As you know , Ted has my complete and total Endorsement . His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment , Crime , Borders , Military , and Vets ! 
I don ' t know Putin , have no deals in Russia , and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran , [HASHTAG] terror , no problem ! 
We will remain fully engaged w open lines of communication as [HASHTAG] makes landfall . America is w you ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win ! South Carolina loves you . We are all proud of you and Peggy ! [HANDLE] 
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico , there is a good chance that we will , they will begin purchasing Farm Agricultural products at very high levels , starting immediately . If we are unable to make the deal , Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5 level on Monday ! 
Together , we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics : we are KEEPING our promises to the American People . Because my only special interest is YOU ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] .. Saw your interview . You are the best ! Great questions , great answers " Lou is great
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando , Florida , looks to be setting records . We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody . Over 100 , 000 requests . Our Country is doing great , far beyond what the haters losers thought possible - and it will only get better ! 
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U . S . political history
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council ? Therefore , the Special Council was established based on an illegal act ? Really , does everybody know what that means ? 
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate . I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry ! 
It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world . This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq , that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades , and hes right ... The generals still dont get the mistake . [HANDLE] 
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark , Lars Løkke Rasmussen [HANDLE] to the [HANDLE] yes [URL] 
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races , a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention . I backed and campaigned for all of the winners . They give me credit for one . Hopefully , Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday . 
FMR PRES of Mexico , Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall . He must apologize ! If I did that there would be a uproar ! 
Great to be back from Vietnam , an amazing place . We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have . Relationship very good , lets see what happens ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] : IA caucus hasn ' t picked nominee in 16 years ! Cruz dirty tricks stole it . Trump way ahead in primary states . 
Deepest condolences to the families fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today . You ' re all among the best this nation produces . 
WORKING TOGETHER , we will defeat this [HASHTAG] free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse . [URL] [URL] 
We are fighting for all Americans , from all backgrounds , of every age , race , religion , birthplace , color creed . Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda it is the mainstream , common sense agenda of the American People . Thank you El Paso , Texas - I love you ! [URL] 
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY , NORTH CAROLINA . With you all the way , will never forget . Now we have to win . Proud of you all ! [HANDLE] 
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U . S . entry into WWI . 
I will be on [HANDLE] tonight at 7 : 00 P . M . with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects ! Bad times for divided USA ! 
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama . We need his vote on stopping crime , illegal immigration , Border Wall , Military , Pro Life , V . A ., Judges 2nd Amendment and more . No to Jones , a PelosiSchumer Puppet ! 
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play , even a little bit , with respect to my decision on Don McGahn ! 
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is , and neither does ISIS ( a good thing ). Please get your facts straight - thanks . [HANDLE] 
The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys , which can be ( is ) a violation of the Espionage Act . This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent . Kris will win in November and be a great Governor . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea . He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people . It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan ! 
Sad sack [HANDLE] has just done another ad on me , with special interest money , saying I won ' t beat Hillary - I WILL . But he can ' t beat me . 
The failing [HANDLE] does major FAKE NEWS China story saying " Mr . Xi has not spoken to Mr . Trump since Nov . 14 ." We spoke at length yesterday ! 
General John Kelly totally agrees w my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY ! 
Troy Balderson , running for Congress from Ohio , is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi , who is weak on Crime , Borders your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes ( by a lot ). Vote for Troy on Tuesday ! 
From my first day in office , weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy . Remarks [URL] 
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress ! Wow , but is anybody really surprised ! Together with her lover , FBI Agent Peter Strzok , she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt , perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER ! 
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors . I look forward to hearing more from my friend President [HANDLE] in Argentina later this month . 
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the [HANDLE] ! The American people are eternally grateful . Thank you for keeping America PROUD , STRONG and FREE ! [URL] 
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating , [HANDLE] just showed that my rating on Dec . 28 , 2017 , was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec . 28 , 2009 , which was 47 ... and this despite massive negative Trump coverage Russia hoax ! 
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down , back into the OPEN ? IT IS TIME ! 
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D . T . video . The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate . 
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated . It will be arriving soon . FEMA , First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready . Be safe ! 
Today , I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally ! [URL] 
The FBI closed the case on Hillary , which was a rigged investigation . They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her , they never even put her under oath ..... and much more . So true Jesse ! [HANDLE] 
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it , the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible . Highly overrated ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security ! Have my total support . 
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated demoralized Dems
Wow , even I didnt realize we did so much . Wish the Fake News would report ! Thank you . [URL] 
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans . We are the Party of the American Worker , the American Family the American Dream . This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte , NC ! [URL] 
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false . Zero truth . Just more lies and propaganda ( like their shot down drone ) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do . Their Economy is dead , and will get much worse . Iran is a total mess ! 
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH : TRUMP 32 . 2 MILLION . CLINTON 27 . 8 MILLION . Thank you ! 
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible . The political pundits just dont get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts ! Remember , Dems are High Tax , High Crime , easy to beat ! 
Want access to Crooked Hillary ? Don ' t forget - it ' s going to cost you ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow , [HANDLE] has nothing but my opponents on their shows . Really one-sided and unfair reporting . Maybe I shouldn ' t do their town-hall tonight ! 
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris . At some point countries will have to open their eyes see what is really going on . This kind of sickness hatred is not compatible with a loving , peaceful , successful country ! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made . 
Check out a FANTASTIC new book , STILL WINNING Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again by the great writer , [HANDLE] . An excellent read . Thank you ! 
Whats happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace . This guy is not a good man , he is a great man . He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him , a disgrace ! Dan Bongino [HANDLE] 
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy . Even if I don ' t always agree , I recognize the rights of people to express their views . 
While all agree the U . S . President has the complete power to pardon , why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us . FAKE NEWS
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries . If it doesnt happen , we come out even better ! 
Why Isn ' t the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE ! 
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border . We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their vacations and get back to work . I am in the White House ready to sign ! 
Always heard that as President , its all about the economy ! Well , we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country . Big GDP , lowest unemployment , companies coming back to the U . S . in BIG numbers , great new trade deals happening , more . But LITTLE media mention ! 
Kellyanne Conway went to [HANDLE] this morning for an interview with [HANDLE] . Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes . Terrible ! 
 . [HANDLE] We are so proud of you Dustin . Your reaction under pressure was amazing . First of many Majors . You are a true CHAMPION ! 
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border . Border Patrol , our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job , but without the Wall , which is now under major construction , you cannot have Border Security . Drugs , Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] " Republican leadership " should have only one job : Help elect the nominee we voted for , Donald J . Trump . 
My wife [HANDLE] , and my children will be featured on [HANDLE] with [HANDLE] - 7pmE . Enjoy ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20 . There wasnt a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made . PERFECT ! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister . 
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier , not two Million Dollars , not anything else . This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1 . 8 Billion Dollars for four hostages , or gave five terroist hostages plus , who soon went back to battle , for traitor Sgt . Bergdahl ! 
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party -- despite having to compete against 17 other people ! 
 . [HANDLE] is a great guy and a team player . He will represent his District , State and Country at the highest level . Danny is strong on Military , our Vets , Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for . Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement ! 
 [HANDLE] : All you haters out there , STOP trashing the only candidate [HANDLE] that will put ALL OF YOU AMERICA FIRST [HASHTAG] 
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal , that ' s about it . We need HealthCare , we need Tax CutsReform , we need people that can get the job done ! 
Every day , the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13 . We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement . We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL ! 
Great meeting this morning with President [HANDLE] of Egypt at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz , France ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time , done nothing wrong ( no Collusion with Russia , it was the Dems that Colluded ), had the most successful first two years of any president , and is the most popular Republican in party history 93 ? 
The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of [HANDLE] ' s TAX CUT package and what it ' s done for our economy ... [HANDLE] [URL] 
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar fraudster , at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea , is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the walk . Never done when a president is overseas . Shame ! 
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity . Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ ! 
Indiana Rally , and Coach Bobby Knight , were incredible last night . Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate . Mike will be a GREAT Senator . Dont forget to VOTE ! 
Great work being done by [HANDLE] [HANDLE] wstate local leaders to prepare for hurricane season . Preparedness is an investment in our future ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Maxine Waters , whose crazy rants have made her , together with Nancy Pelosi , the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party . Together , they will Make America Weak Again ! But have no fear , America is now stronger than ever before , and Im not going anywhere ! 
 [HANDLE] : Hillary said she was in a " Fog of War " as explanation for the lies about Benghazi . No fog allowed in WH . Vote Trump POTUS ! 
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads , he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton . I will win ! 
Happy [HASHTAG] ! A great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally at a [HASHTAG] . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info , but no one gets charged ? RIGGED ! [URL] 
When James Clapper himself , and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt , says there is no collusion , when does it end ? 
Wow , CNN had to retract big story on " Russia ," with 3 employees forced to resign . What about all the other phony stories they do ? FAKE NEWS ! 
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today , talking about airplane capability and pricing . Very impressive people ! 
 . [HANDLE] Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people . 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard . Look at the job she has done in Baltimore . She is a joke ! 
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT , GREAT , GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win . The people of Ohio were incredible ! 
As they have learned in the last two years , our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And Ill do it again next year if necessary ! 
After 14 years , U . S . beef hits Chinese market . Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture ." [URL] 
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesnt have the aptitude or smarts is a poor public speaker nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful . Ive made a lot of bankers , and others , look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy ! 
What a great four days in Cleveland . So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all . The police and Secret Service were fantastic ! 
Today , it was my honor to join the great men and women of [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] at the U . S . Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling , Virginia . Fact sheet : [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : " I don ' t care about the game , I care about the PEOPLE ." And that ' s exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much ! [HASHTAG] 
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia . They are truly all HEROES . 
 . [HANDLE] begged me to do an event while asking organizers for 100 , 000 for himselfa bad guy ! 
The Failing New York Times foiled U . S . attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist , Al-Baghdadi . Their sick agenda over National Security
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H . W . Bush . 
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight ! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow . Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in [HASHTAG] and Greg Murphy in [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
Many ideas , some good some not so good , emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House . Background Checks a big part of conversation . Gun free zones are proven targets of killers . After many years , a Bill should emerge . Respect 2nd Amendment ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] speaks from the heart 4 all of America . His intention is for a positive future 4 all . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Trump University has a 98 approval rating . I could have settled but won ' t out of principle ! 
Wow ! A SuffolkUSA Today Poll , just out , states , 50 of Americans AGREE that Robert Muellers investigation is a Witch Hunt . [HANDLE] Very few think it is legit ! We will soon find out ? 
Departed the [HANDLE] and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring , on behalf of the United States , His Majesty , the Emperor of Japan . I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend , Prime Minister [HANDLE] . [URL] 
You can ' t compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead . Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors .... New
The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years . We are now doing really well . The Tariffs let us compete . Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws . Very positive outcome . Mark Glyptis , United Steelworkers
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows . They aren ' t worthy of representing the great people NH . 
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U . S . political history is No Collusion with Russia ( and No Obstruction ). Pretty Amazing ! 
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing partys campaign is different than having a Spy , as illegal as that may be . But what about an Informant who is paid a fortune and who sets up way earlier than the Russian Hoax ? 
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville , Tennessee , tonight . Big crowd of great people expected . Will be fun ! 
 . [HANDLE] , one of the National Review lightweights , came to my office begging for money like a dog . Why doesn ' t he say that ? 
Eventually , but at a later date so we can get started early , Mexico will be paying , in some form , for the badly needed border wall . 
Trade negotiations are continuing with China . They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U . S ., for many years . Stay tuned ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado . He ' d get 100k own the news cycle
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed . A great job done by all ! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum . Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference ! 
 . [HANDLE] Ted -- free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue . Go to court now seek Declaratory Judgment -- you will win ! 
I will bring our jobs back to America , fix our military and take care of our vets , end Common Core and ObamaCare , protect 2nd A , build WALL
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe , modern and lawful immigration system : fully securing the border , ending chain migration , and canceling the visa lottery . Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans . [URL] 
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life . We will create 25 million jobs . Think she can do that ? Not a c [URL] 
The Economy is doing really well . The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting ! The question is being asked , why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries ? Be early ( for a change ), not late . Let America win big , rather than just win ! 
I am on [HANDLE] with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with [HASHTAG] , throughout the day . Enjoy ! [URL] 
Just as I said , Alabama was originally projected to be hit . The Fake News denies it ! [URL] 
This is now the 7th . time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh . If we made it 100 , it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats . 
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in . She is unfit to be president . Bad judgement ! 
The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion .... and none of it happened . Charles Hurt . The Russian Hoax never happened , it was a fraud on the American people ! 
and fair elections . We ' ve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them , and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
We pause today to remember the 2 , 403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago ... [URL] 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat [HASHTAG] . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan . I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help ! 
Howard Schultz doesnt have the guts to run for President ! Watched him on [HANDLE] last night and I agree with him that he is not the smartest person . Besides , America already has that ! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower ! 
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson , both as a great player and man . He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did . He will he missed ! 
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling , why no action ? Focus on them , not T ! 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security . It is vital to our national strength . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Trump won that debate . People can huff puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night . [HASHTAG] 
Just had a very nice meeting with [HANDLE] Priebus and the [HANDLE] . Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen ! 
 . [HANDLE] from Maine is a great Congressman . He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat . Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment . We need to keep Bruce in Washington . He has my Full Endorsement ! 
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia ! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative , but they know it is not true ! 
Interesting how the U . S . sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call . 
Thank you Hershey , Pennsylvania . Get out VOTE on November 8th we will [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] , watch here [URL] 
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform . It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support . It will also help a lot of people , save taxpayer dollars , and keep our communities safe . Go for it Mitch ! 
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates otherwise . He should show them , run as an Independent . 
Thank you Charlotte , North Carolina . Great afternoon ! [HASHTAG] - I delivered a speech on urban renewal . Full speech : [URL] 
James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020 . In other words , he is and has been a Democrat . Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time , but especially after his mind exploded ! 
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth . We own the planes , we have the pilots , the airport is right next door ( Andrews ), all we need is the fuel . We own the tanks and all . Fireworks are donated by two of the greats . Nice ! 
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse , FBI , Comey , Lynch , McCabe , Clinton Emails and much more . Slow walking - what is going on ? BAD ! 
The United States cannot continue to make such bad , one-sided trade deals . There are only so many jobs we can give up . No more ! 
New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI , DOJ CIA were working together to Spy on ( and take out ) President Trump , all the way back in 2015 . A transcript of Peter Strzoks testimony is devastating . Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I ' m a Regan Dem and believe in your message ! God bless you and your campaign ! 
I dont believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country . They should apologize to America ( and Israel ) for the horrible ( hateful ) things they have said . They are destroying the Democrat Party , but are weak insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation ! 
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas . People are not happy . BIG lines . What is going on ? 
 . [HANDLE] speaking of John Brennan : How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place ? Now that is a really good question ! Then followed by Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero ... So true , a total Fake ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HASHTAG] On [HASHTAG] , [HASHTAG] , Shipping [HASHTAG] To [HASHTAG] : Im The Only One Who Understands Whats Going On [URL] 
Today , we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House . Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobblers Rest ... [URL] 
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday . Cruz is a nasty guy , not one Senate endorsement and , despite talk , gets nothing done . Loser ! 
The writer of the now proven false story in the [HANDLE] , Michael Barbaro , who was interviewed on CBS this morning , was unable to respond . 
Today , Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of [HANDLE] who lost their lives in our Nations eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential . [URL] [URL] 
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they dont even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States . Lost almost 800 Billionyear under O
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania , then propelled conspiracy theories that its actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places . They are only getting more deranged with time ! 
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn ' t put false meaning into the words I say , I would be beating Hillary by 20
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS , after many years of not having any , are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota . Great work [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] 
Thank you Ohio ! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center . Join me at 7pm : [URL] [URL] 
Pocahontas is at it again ! Goofy Elizabeth Warren , one of the least productive U . S . Senators , has a nasty mouth . Hope she is V . P . choice . 
My son , Donald , will be interviewed by [HANDLE] tonight at 10 : 00 P . M . He is a great person who loves our country ! 
 [HANDLE] : Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview . Cannot wait until u r president [HASHTAG] 
The recent Kansas election ( Congress ) was a really big media event , until the Republicans won . Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself , refuses to say she was a terrible candidate . Hits Facebook even Dems DNC . 
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson . His trials and tribulations were great , his life complex and controversial . Others have looked at this over the years , most thought it would be done , but yes , I am considering a Full Pardon ! 
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people , including Karl Rove , losers-true ! I never called my friend [HANDLE] a loser- hes a winner ! 
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis , I gave him a second chance . Some thought I shouldnt , I thought I should . Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had . Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U . S . 
 [HANDLE] : " Trump Holds 66 Favorable Rating in New York Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire ... [URL] 
Today , it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the [HANDLE] . [URL] 
Democrats dont like the results of the Mueller Report , so now theyre trying everything else . [HANDLE] They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating , especially on the Border ! 
 [HANDLE] : Latest UMass Tracking Poll . NH GOP Trump 35 ( 1 ) Rubio 14 ( -1 ) Cruz 13 ( -1 ) Jeb 10 ( 2 ) Kasich 10 ( 2 ) 
70 years ago today , the National Security Council met for the first time . Great history of advising Presidents-then now ! Thanks NSC Staff ! 
Kim Jong Un of North Korea , who is obviously a madman who doesn ' t mind starving or killing his people , will be tested like never before ! 
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign , one of the most successful in history , is a TOTAL HOAX . The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was , along with Comey , McCabe , Strzok and his lover , the lovely Lisa Page , used to begin the Witch Hunt . Disgraceful ! 
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL ! Despite that , we play the game because I , unlike the Democrats , have done nothing wrong ! 
Busy day planned . Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today . This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done ... he will be GREAT ! 
Great time in New Hampshire last night . Placed was maxed out , totally packed , with thousands coming to the arena floor at start . Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code . Energy was really great to see . We will win New Hampshire in 2020 ! 
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story . Looks like the story was an exaggeration , or even Fake News - but why not , everything else is ! 
 . [HANDLE] Your story about me the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite . I will not support or endorse a carbon tax ! 
Rally last night in San Jose was great . Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall . Big crowd . Outside , small group of thugs burned Am flag ! 
Lisa Page , who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time ( to her Lover , Peter S ), and attorney Baker , are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught ? Why is Peter S still there ? What a total mess . Our Country has to get back to Business ! 
 [HANDLE] : Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot . Shame on you
 . [HANDLE] did a spectacular job hosting the President of France [HANDLE] and his wife Brigitte . Every detail was done to perfection . The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful , and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did . 
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime . Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration . Change the laws ! 
May God be w the people of Sutherland Springs , Texas . The FBI law enforcement are on the scene . I am monitoring the situation from Japan . 
Thank you High Point , NC ! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation I will fight to bring us together [URL] 
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday . Early voting is on . Troy is strong on Crime , the Border loves our Military , Vets 2nd Amendment . His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosihigh taxes . 
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory . They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify ! 
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren , wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue . 
The real Obstruction of Justice is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General . Congressman Jim Jordan ( R-Ohio ). [HANDLE] 
 . [HANDLE] has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes , creating great new healthcare programs at low cost , fighting for Border Security , our Military and are Vets . He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement . The Great State of Louisiana , we want Clay ! 
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea . Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions . 
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe ! No more rocket launches , nuclear testing or research ! The hostages are back home with their families . Thank you to Chairman Kim , our day together was historic ! 
Woody Johnson , owner of the NYJets , is [HANDLE] finance chairman . If Woody wouldve been wme , he wouldve been in the playoffs , at least ! 
So now the Radical Left Dems dont talk about Collusion anymore , because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion , they only want to talk about Obstruction , even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side ! 
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] . This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax . It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] . A must see ! 
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low . So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration , perhaps more than any other President in first year . Sadly , will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media ! 
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous [HASHTAG] , and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars . Sad ! 
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal : This IG Report makes it clear , as did Rod Rosensteins memo , that Trump was absolutely justified , unquestionably justified , in firing Jim Comey . So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now . Witch Hunt ! 
Across the battlefields , oceans , and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war , one great battle cry could be heard by Americas friends and foes alike : REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR . [URL] 
Thank you Texas ! If you haven ' t registered to VOTE- today is your last day . Go to : [URL] get ou [URL] 
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State ( Bill C also ), Crooked Hillary now criticizes . 
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is " A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION , UTTER NONSENSE ." Very unfair ! 
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment . There were no crimes by me ( No Collusion , No Obstruction ), so you cant impeach . It was the Democrats that committed the crimes , not your Republican President ! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt ! 
 [HANDLE] : Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race . Gee , what happened to that 30 ceiling
Kasich voted for NAFTA , a disaster for Ohio , and now wants the even worse TPP approved . Vote Trump and end this madness ! 
The [HANDLE] is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash . We are monitoring the situation . Prayers for all involved . [URL] 
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already . The PelosiSchumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100 of the time . Hes bad on Crime , Life , Border , Vets , Guns Military . VOTE ROY MOORE ! 
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that , with proper Forrest Management , would never happen . Unless they get their act together , which is unlikely , I have ordered FEMA to send no more money . It is a disgraceful situation in lives money ! 
Gallup Poll : Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans . This would be a disaster for the U . S . We need the Wall now ! 
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol . They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford . I have never been a fan of his ! 
Women for Kavanaugh , and many others who support this very good man , are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P . M . VOTE . It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs . Big day for America ! 
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary ? She is flying with him tomorrow . Who pays ? 
Will be going to Evansville , Indiana , tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun , a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indianas next U . S . Senator . He is strong on Crime Borders , the 2nd Amendment , and loves our Military Vets . Will be a big night ! 
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help . 1714 shootings in Chicago this year ! 
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple . They will be spending vast sums of money in the U . S . Great ! 
Well , it happened again . Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President , talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow , ice and freezing temperatures . Bad timing . By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman ( woman )! 
CNN others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany . If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat , I will sign . Can you imagine my saying NO ? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported ! 
Our entire Nation , wone heavy heart , continues to pray for the victims their families in Parkland , FL . To teachers , law enforcement , first responders medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger : We THANK YOU for your courage ! [URL] [URL] 
Gallup Poll : 56 of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good . This is the highest number since 2002 , and up 10 points since 2016 . 
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton , as Secretary of State , was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button ? Obama tried also , but he had zero chemistry with Putin . 
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited Dossier , paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats ( as opposition research ), on which the entire Russian probe is based ! A very sad day for journalism , but a great day for our Country ! 
A sad day for the Democrats , Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary . Im glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of ! 
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring , on behalf of the United States , His Majesty , the Emperor of Japan . I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend , Prime Minister [HANDLE] . 
So much interest in my visit to Scotland ! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event [HANDLE] - taking place on June 24th . 
The [HANDLE] panels are so one sided , almost all against Trump . [HANDLE] is so much better and the ratings are much higher . Don ' t watch CNN ! 
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer , a truly special young woman . She will be long remembered by all ! 
The Christmas Story begins 2 , 000 years ago with a mother , a father , their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of Gods love for all of humanity . Whatever our beliefs , we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life ... [URL] 
Just spoke to Mary Barra , CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant . I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING . I asked her to sell it or do something quickly . She blamed the UAW Union I dont care , I just want it open ! 
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow , and always , for the playing of our National Anthem . Respect our Flag and our Country ! 
 . [HANDLE] just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS ! A great deal for American and Korean workers . Lets now focus on our important security relationship . 
THANK YOU Phoenix , Arizona ! Time for new POWERFUL leadership . Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 [URL] 
Wow , but not surprisingly , ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas . Great news for America ! 
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his " no reason to be alarmed " statement . MSM is working hard to sell it ! 
Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s ( maybe even better than that ) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there . Fact is , every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been ! [URL] 
The United States must , at long last , be treated fairly on Trade . If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods , and they charge us 25 , 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours , it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated . That is not Free or Fair Trade , it is Stupid Trade ! 
My political representatives didnt want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate , and Sanford was so bad , I had to give it a shot . Congrats to Katie Arrington ! 
More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their Enemy . They put out the name of a store , brand or company , and ask their so-called followers not to do business there . They dont care who gets hurt , but also dont understand that two can play that game ! 
Because of me , the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters , a record . If they are not careful , they will all leave . Sad ! 
Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason . He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government . [HANDLE] A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone ! The Trump Administration will take a look ! 
Funny how lowly rated CNN , and others , can criticize me at will , even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing , yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream , its just not Presidential ! 
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs , Texas . The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived . 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva , Switzerland , not the plane carrying 400 million in cash going to Iran ! 
Russians are playing [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] for such fools - funny to watch , they don ' t have a clue ! [HANDLE] totally gets it ! 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families that encourages companies to STAY in America , GROW in America , and HIRE in America [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : I want a leader that will shoot straight with us . The politicians can ' t . [HANDLE] will give his all for us ! 
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group . Bill de Blasio of NYC , considered the worst mayor in the U . S ., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today . He is a JOKE , but if you like high taxes crime , hes your man . NYC HATES HIM ! 
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage , New York . Keep up the great work ! [URL] 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz can ' t win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead ! Hillary would destroy him K
Puerto Rico is devastated . Phone system , electric grid many roads , gone . FEMA and First Responders are amazing . Governor said " great job ! 
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden . Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY , SPECIAL PLACE ! 
Such a serious problem for Ted the GOP . Great doubt , Dems will sue ! Let ' s all work together to solve this problem . [URL] 
Will be in Tampa tonight . A big year for [HANDLE] , who will be a great governor for Florida . Strong on Crime , Borders and our 2nd Amendment . Big help on Tax Regulation Cuts . Loves our Military our Vets . Has my Full Total Endorsement ! 
Just arrived at Camp David , where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey ( as it strengthens to a Class 3 ). 125 MPH winds ! 
Why didnt the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton , many crimes , much Collusion with Russia ? Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC ? Rigged Investigation ! 
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated . The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted , no energy left ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech . Many of her statements were lies and fabrications ! 
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME ! TOMORROW Fletcher , NC @ 12pm . [URL] SATURDAY Cleveland , OH @ 7pm . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do , attacked the media for all their lies
Bill Clinton ' s meeting was a total secret . Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter . 
Immediately after Comeys firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover , Lisa Page We need to Open the case weve been waiting on now while Andy ( McCabe , also fired ) is acting . Page answered , We need to lock in ( redacted ). In a formal chargeable way . Soon . Wow , a conspiracy caught ? 
Thank you to Linda Bean of L . L . Bean for your great support and courage . People will support you even more now . Buy L . L . Bean . [HANDLE] 
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal , though well meaning , never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U . S . by other countries , or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are , and will be , pouring into U . S . coffers ? 
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w the [HASHTAG] ! Remarks : [URL] [URL] 
The Club For Growth , which asked me for 1 , 000 , 000 in an extortion attempt , just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math . What a dumb group ! 
Time to start building in our country , with American workers with American iron , aluminum steel . It is time to [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can ' t close the deal with Bernie . I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates . Hillary doesn ' t have it
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit . The E . U . is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States , which will change . Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you ! 
Jeb Bush , who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero , just got Graham endorsement . Graham quit at O . 
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio . A record no-show in Senate , he is scamming Florida
What ever happened to the Server , at the center of so much Corruption , that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging ( except in the case of Democrats ) FBI ? They broke into homes offices early in the morning , but were afraid to take the Server ? 
Crooked ' s camp incited violence at my rallies . These incidents weren ' t " spontaneous " - like she claimed in Benghazi ! [URL] 
Join me at 7 : 00 P . M . on Tuesday , August 22nd in Phoenix , Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center ! Tickets at : [URL] [URL] 
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs , Aluminum prices are DOWN 4 . People are surprised , Im not ! Lots of money coming into U . S . coffers and Jobs , Jobs , Jobs ! 
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister [HANDLE] at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz , France ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
January 20th 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again . 
I am pleased to announce that , effective 4918 , [HANDLE] will be my new National Security Advisor . I am very thankful for the service of General H . R . McMaster who has done an outstanding job will always remain my friend . There will be an official contact handover on 49 . 
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election . Need tax cuts
Love people who are great under pressure . What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy ! [URL] 
Mexico is doing very little , if not NOTHING , at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border , and then into the U . S . They laugh at our dumb immigration laws . They must stop the big drug and people flows , or I will stop their cash cow , NAFTA . NEED WALL ! 
Today , I was thrilled to host the [HANDLE] Soldier Ride once again at the [HANDLE] . We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES .... [URL] 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U . S . Military , straight from the heart of the American People : We support you , we thank you , we love you - and we will always have your back ! [URL] 
Great optimism for future of U . S . business , AND JOBS , with the DOW having an 11th straight record close . Big tax regulation cuts coming ! 
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U . S . Supreme Court get proper appointments . Sad ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] great speech today !! It ' s all about America and that ' s why you will become president !!!!" Thank you . 
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress . My endorsement came appropriately late , but when it came the flood gates opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve . Enjoy ! 
Its about peace and Prosperity , thats how Republican Presidents get elected , and this President has delivered on the Economy and hes delivered on keeping America Stronger Safer . Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats , its the Media . John McLaughlin , pollster
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday . Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever . Fake media not happy ! 
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with [HANDLE] Pence , Secretary James Mattis , and our great teams . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes ! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswomanman . Tell them to get it done ! Humanitarian Crisis . 
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday , delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours , and the media blames my supporters ! 
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S . Truman , built in 1998 ( fairly new ), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world . It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one ( which also are being built )! 
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters , there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem . I have no doubt ! [URL] 
Congratulations to our new [HASHTAG] Dr . David Shulkin . Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect [URL] 
14 days for 28 MILLION - 2 MILLION a day , No Collusion . A great day for America ! 
Left Paris for U . S . A . Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the [HASHTAG] , their most important tournament , this afternoon . 
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy . Remember him in second debate , until I put him down . 
Thank you Kirkwood Community College . Heading to the U . S . Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN [URL] 
A great book for your reading enjoyment : " REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS " by Michael J . Knowles . 
I will be speaking to my friend , President Xi of China , this morning at 8 : 30 . The primary topics will be Trade , where good things will happen , and North Korea , where relationships and trust are building . 
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800 , 000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats ( not even mentioned in Bill ) and the BORDER WALL , which is desperately needed for our National Defense , is not fully funded . 
Small business owners are the DREAMERS INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future ! Read more and watch here : [URL] [URL] 
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President [HANDLE] . He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People . We will work well together for many years to come ! 
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic Are you a Citizen of the United States ? question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census . Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this , even on the 4th of July ! 
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn . How to defeat radical Islam . 
Nancy and Cryin Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes . At this point it has become their , and the Democrats , fault ! 
Jay Leno points out that comedy ( on the very boring late night shows ) is totally one-sided . Its tough when theres only one topic . [HANDLE] Actually , the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me , unwatchable . But remember , WE are number one - President ! 
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11 . She is a wonderful person and , at the same time , a real fighter . Has my Strong Endorsement ! 
On my way to see the great people of Maine . Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours . Look forward to it ! [HASHTAG] 
For tonights [HASHTAG] , be sure to follow [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , and [HANDLE] for RAPID RESPONSE , FACT CHECKING , and the TRUTH ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] Sorry , Im on Air Force One , off to save the Free World ! 
So , the Democrats make up a phony crime , Collusion with the Russians , pay a fortune to make the crime sound real , illegally leak ( Comey ) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed , and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News ! 
Our incredible U . S . Coast Guard saved more than 15 , 000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love our Coast Guard ! 
 . [HANDLE] -Thank you for coming to D . C . for such a vital vote . Congrats to all Rep . We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans ! 
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo , Japan . Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe . [URL] 
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today . The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania . The elegance precision of the last two days have been remarkable ! 
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer ! 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away , AMERICA will become the world ' s great magnet for innovation and job creati [URL] 
Meeting w Washington , D . C . [HANDLE] and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here [URL] 
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history . All business is just at the beginning of something really special ! 
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party , the best I have ever seen . Despite all of the Fake News , my Poll Numbers are great . New internal polls show them to be the strongest weve had so far ! Think what theyd be if I got fair media coverage ! 
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a 1M contribution , which naturally , they did not get . 
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days , it has been a lot ( including S . C .), media will kill ! 
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida . Ron will be a fantastic Governor . On to November ! 
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing [HANDLE] hit piece on me , we have exposed the article as a fraud ! 
Bob Mueller ( who is a much different man than people think ) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats , dont want the truth , they only want lies . The truth is very bad for their mission ! 
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] at the [HANDLE] today with [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] [URL] 
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now . There has never been a time like this in American History . Very exciting but also , very sad ! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself ! 
Jerry Nadlers Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust . Headline , New York Post . [HANDLE] The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues . All crimes were by the other side , but the Committee refuses to even take a look . Deleting 33 , 000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more ! 
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one . It was a rough tumble race on a wet and sloppy track , actually , a beautiful thing to watch . Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur . The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close ! 
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted ? Did Hillary know ? 
As President of the United States of America , I will ALWAYS put [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] Full remarks : [URL] [URL] 
After many years ( decades ), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border , mostly from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador . They have ALL been taking U . S . money for years , and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us , just like the Democrats in Congress ! 
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady , Melania . Successful procedure , she is in good spirits . Thank you to all of the well-wishers ! 
Today , it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophyfor the second year in a row , to the [HANDLE] Black Knights . Congratulations once again on your historic victories , and keep on making us proud ! [URL] 
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1 : 45pm . Will be discussing North Korea , China and the Middle East . 
It is amazing that I can be at 51 with Zogby when the Fake Corrupt News is almost 100 against me . Great job Mr . President ! 
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week . It is about Border Security and the Wall ( stopping Crime , Drugs etc .), not Constitutionality and Precedent . It is an 80 positive issue . The Dems are 100 United , as usual , on a 20 issue , Open Borders and Crime . Get tough Rs ! 
Violent crime is rising across the United States , yet the DNC convention ignored it . Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities . 
I will once again write a 1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Mike Pence will be speaking at today ' s [HASHTAG] -- You have our full support ! [URL] 
Only fools , or people with a political agenda , dont want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime , Drugs and Human Trafficking . It will happen - it always does ! 
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov . 8 . We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT ! They want to [HASHTAG] ! 
Thank you Reno , Nevada . NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him . Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me ! 
There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election . In fact the evidence is the opposite , that Hillary Clinton the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election . [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : Enjoyed watching [HANDLE] at his rally yesterday ! I ' ve never seen the Bay Center that packed ! [URL] 
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military . They are only interested in Obstruction ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] for your nice , and very wise , statements on the Economy . You both really get it ! [HANDLE] 
To the people of Kentucky , Rand Paul didn ' t want you . Now he runs back due to his presidential failure . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem , showing total disrespect to our Flag Country . No leadership in NFL ! 
As promised , our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues . " [HANDLE] Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation " [URL] 
Getting ready to leave for Europe . First meeting - NATO . The U . S . is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them . Not fair to the U . S . taxpayer . On top of that we lose 151 Billion on Trade with the European Union . Charge us big Tariffs ( Barriers )! 
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin . Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian Syrian problems are solved ! 
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks . BAD IDEA . As I promised , today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period . We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns . 
Lou Dobbs : This cannot go forward ... this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts , with his 17 Angry Democrats , without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia . The Dems are the ones who should be investigated . Thank you Lou , so true ! 
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day . Everyone can help fight the [HASHTAG] by participating ! [URL] [URL] 
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat . She is so petrified of the lefties in her party that she has lost control ... And by the way , clean up the streets in San Francisco , they are disgusting ! 
Thank you Tallahassee , Florida ! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT ! Get out VOTE ! [HASHTAG] - watch here : [URL] 
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad . He is a weak candidate ! 
As President , I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU , the American people ! [URL] 
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me , I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way . Plants opening up in Pennsylvania , and all over the Country , and Congressman Lou Barletta , who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania , is really helping ! 
Why did the failing [HANDLE] refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers . DISHONEST ! 
There was No Collusion with Russia ( except by the Democrats ). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end ? So bad for our Country . Is the Special CouncelJustice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media ? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead ? 
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester , New Hampshire at 7 : 00 P . M . Eastern ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Oh no , really big political news , perhaps the biggest story in years ! Part time Mayor of New York City , [HANDLE] , who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth , has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race . NYC is devastated , hes coming home ! 
We are building our future with American hands , American labor , American iron , aluminum and steel . Happy [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska . Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary , who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie , will lose ! 
 [HANDLE] : Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio ( easy to get the two politicians confused ) looked like desperate , panicked DC insiders tonight
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before , including the 2016 election . Never an empty seat in these large venues , many thousands of people watching screens outside . Enthusiasm Spirit is through the roof . SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH ! 
How can [HANDLE] beat Hillary Clinton- if he can ' t beat anyone else on the [HASHTAG] stage with 150M ? I am the only one who can ! 
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new [HASHTAG] best-selling book , Liars , Leakers , and Liberals The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy ! 
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country . 
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception . The speech was a great success . Heading now to Louisiana another speech tonight in MI . 
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey , who at one point I knew very well , interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes . The questions were biased and slanted , the facts incorrect . Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for the great review of the speech on immigration last night . Thank you also to the great people of Arizona ! 
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court . A great day for Americ [URL] 
I look forward to being in Lowell , Massachusetts , today . I hear a very big crowd is expected -- we will have lots of fun ! 
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020 ? My answer was , " I hope so ! 
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion ( in fact , the whole thing was a made up fraud ), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something . There was no underlying crime . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud , as is the rigged investigation he started . There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia , and everybody , including the Democrats , know it . The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary , the Democrats and the DNC ! 
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan . Details to follow . 
The negative television commercials about me , paid for by the politicians bosses , are a total [HASHTAG] . When you watch , remember ! 
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace . Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon , the Washington Post , who constantly quote anonymous sources that , in my opinion , dont exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years ! 
Big ratings getter [HANDLE] and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for [HASHTAG] . Great Show ! 
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney . Congratulations ! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do . A great and loving family will be coming to D . C . 
The U . S . has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN ! 
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin . Move fast Congress ! 
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun . Many job stifling regulations continue to fall . Movement back to USA ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] , great show this morning and congratulations on your number one ( by far ) rating . Well deserved ! 
We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall , whatever you want to call it . The President yesterday laid all that out . We need to do it all , including the Wall . I provided the same information to the previous administration , it was ignored . Mark Morgan , Border Chief for O ! 
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send 1 . 7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress , the FBI or Justice called for an investigation ! 
To the great and brave men and women of ICE , do not worry or lose your spirit . You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements . So brave ! The radical left Dems want you out . Next it will be all police . Zero chance , It will never happen ! 
 [HANDLE] : THIS IS [HANDLE] ' S LEGACY ! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER !!! WE NEED [HANDLE] NOW !! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
A year ago the pundits talking heads , people that couldnt do the job before , were begging for conciliation and peace - please meet , dont go to war . Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un , the same haters shout out , you shouldnt meet , do not meet ! 
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border . So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418 , 000 plus illegal immigrants , way up from last year . Mexico is doing very little for us . DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW ! 
Congressman [HANDLE] of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get . He makes a BIG difference for Iowa ! Border , Military , Vets etc . We need Rod in D . C . He has my Strong Endorsement ! 
Everyone in the path of [HASHTAG] please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow [HANDLE] for updates . The Federal Government stands ready to assist . Be safe ! [URL] 
I will be in Green Bay , Wisconsin this Saturday , April 27th at the Resch Center 7 : 00pm ( CDT ). Big crowd expected ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud ! 
I would like to congratulate [HANDLE] on having done a fantastic job both strategically politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT Reform Bill . I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner . Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES ! 
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal ( Democrat ) laws like Catch Release . Getting more dangerous . Caravans coming . Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW . NO MORE DACA DEAL ! 
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system . Alan Dershowitz It has become tainted and corrupt ! DJT
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt andor conflicted . It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats . Phony Dossier , FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired . 17 Angry Dems ? Stay tuned ! 
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and , after 7 years , vote to Repeal and Replace . Next , Tax Reform and Infrastructure . WIN ! 
 [HANDLE] : Julian Assange on U . S . media coverage : Its very dishonest . [HASHTAG] [URL] More dishonest than anyone knows
Even if we get 100 Republican votes in the Senate , we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - the Dems are Obstructionists who wont give votes for political reasons because they dont care about Crime coming from Border ! So we need to elect more Rs ! 
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom . On Military Spouse Day , we honor our Nations military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do ! [URL] 
The only Collusion is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others . Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC ? They still dont have it . Check out how biased Facebook , Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats . Thats the real Collusion ! 
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted ( and NOT Senate approved ) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people . Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary , Comey , McCabe , Lisa Page her lover , Peter S , and all of his friends on the other side ? 
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold . He got NOTHING for all of the time , energy and money . The V . P . a joke ! 
Congressman [HANDLE] is one of the hardest working , and smartest , people in Washington . He is strong on the Border , Crime , the Military , our Vets and the 2nd Amendment . He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia . Dave has my Total Endorsement ! 
 . [HANDLE] is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night . 6 , 000 , 000 raised in one hour for our VETS . 
A message from Kim Jong Un : North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles . Also will Shut down a nuclear test site in the countrys Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests . Progress being made for all ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] There is NO QUESTION THAT [HASHTAG] did take place , and in favor of [HASHTAG] ! 
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day . Things are looking great , and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing . Today will be fun ! 
John James , running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan , is a spectacular young star of the future . We should make him a star of the present . A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet , people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow , who does nothing for Michigan ! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary . See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper have been consistent- I will repeal all of [HASHTAG] , including the mandate , period . 
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high ! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report ? 
Many countries in NATO , which we are expected to defend , are not only short of their current commitment of 2 ( which is low ), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made . Will they reimburse the U . S .? 
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT : The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS ... [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] just google glenn beck bio . U can tell no education , very poorly written . 
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia but the Election was on Tuesday ? Lets blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin ! 
I ' ve helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills , mostly with no Democratic support , and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations . Nice ! 
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher , his wonderful wife Andrea , and his entire family . You have been through much together . Glad I could help ! 
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers , who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to foreign workers . He is correct , AMERICA FIRST ! 
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country . No recognition - SAD ! 
Wow ! Just got word that our June 18th , Tuesday , ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando , Florida , already has 74 , 000 requests for a 20 , 000 seat Arena . With all of the big events that we have done , this ticket looks to be the hottest of them all . See you in Florida ! 
The Deep State and the Left , and their vehicle , the Fake News Media , are going Crazy - they dont know what to do . The Economy is booming like never before , Jobs are at Historic Highs , soon TWO Supreme Court Justices maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption . Wow ! 
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely . [HASHTAG] Video : [URL] [URL] 
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job ! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE ! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending ! 
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona . I agree with [HANDLE] . Should have sought review . 
Someone should call Obama up . The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies . I mean , that seems like a headline to me ? [HANDLE] It will all start coming out , and the Witch Hunt will end . Presidential Harassment ! 
Just signed Bill . Our Military will now be stronger than ever before . We love and need our Military and gave them everything and more . First time this has happened in a long time . Also means JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! 
Join me in Washington , Michigan on Saturday , April 28 , 2018 at 7 : 00pm ! [HASHTAG] Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
We should tell China that we don ' t want the drone they stole back . - let them keep it ! 
So much Fake News is being reported . They dont even try to get it right , or correct it when they are wrong . They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author , who knowingly writes false information . The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election ! 
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration , not the Trump Administrations . Why didnt they do something about it , especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September , before the Election ? 
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable . Look what has happened to the world with O Hillary ! 
Holding back the war games during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation . Also , quite provocative . Can start up immediately if talks break down , which I hope will not happen ! 
ICYMI- This week we hosted a [HASHTAG] event , right here at the [HANDLE] ! If it is MADE IN AMERICA , it is the BEST ! USA [URL] 
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem ... [URL] 
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42 - which shows that they illegally played the power game . They monetized their political influence through the Foundation . During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation . Andrew McCarthy
The Washington Posts [HANDLE] ( Mr . Off the Record ) [HANDLE] , two nasty lightweight reporters , shouldnt even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING FAKE . Also , add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer ! [URL] 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on their new [HANDLE] morning radio show in New York City . It was an honor to join you two good luck ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states . Momentum is growing
Lyin ' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will , and must , win Indiana . If he doesn ' t he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time money
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop . If elected POTUS- I will create borders the drugs will stop pouring in . [URL] 
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14 . Now compare him to my season 1 . But who cares , he supported Kasich Hillary
Our great U . S . Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Countrys history . Thanks , as always , for a job well done ! 
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden , or any of the others , gets elected in 2020 . They LOVE ripping off America ! 
The California Fire Fighters , FEMA and First Responders are amazing and very brave . Thank you and God Bless you all ! 
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress , what about the lying done by Comey , Brennan , Clapper , Lisa Page lover , Baker and soooo many others ? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33 , 000 deleted Emails ? What about Lisa Peters deleted texts Wieners laptop ? Much more ! 
Wow , the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that " Ted Cruz must be defeated ." Big shoker ! People do not like Ted . 
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group . They represent conservative values terribly are bad for America . [URL] 
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is , it will get even better at lunchtime . The Dems scream death as OCare dies ! 
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to Make the United Nations Great Again . When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world , it means the U . S . has less to do and we save money . [HANDLE] is doing a fantastic job ! [URL] 
Wow , [HANDLE] ratings are up 75 because it ' s " all Trump , all the time ." The networks are making a fortune off of me ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market . Chrysler coming back to U . S . ( Michigan ) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees . If Dems won in November , Market would have TANKED ! It was headed for disaster . 
Thank you Geneva , Ohio . If I am elected President , I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr [URL] 
Watched low rated [HANDLE] for first time in long time . FAKE NEWS . He called me to stop a National Enquirer article . I said no ! Bad show
I was thrilled to be back [HANDLE] . Congratulations to the Class of 2017 ! This is your day , and you ' ve earned it . [URL] 
Crooked ' s stop in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians , drew less than 200 - with Bill , VP
Today , it was my great honor to be in Kansas City , Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible ! Thank you [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like " Big " Luther Strange . Smart , tough on crime , borders trade , loves Vets Military . Tuesday ! 
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today . Amazing support . We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election . The Democrats know they cant win based on all of the achievements of Trump , so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment . For them , strictly politics ! 
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] are unwatchable . [HANDLE] is great ! 
Why didnt President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election ? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win , and he didnt want to upset the apple cart ! He was in charge , not me , and did nothing . 
Consumer Confidence Index , just out , is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS ! Also , GDP revised upward to 4 . 2 from 4 . 1 . Our country is doing great ! 
I use Social Media not because I like to , but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair press , now often referred to as Fake News Media . Phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever . Many stories reports a pure fiction ! 
Very proud of the U . S . Senate for voting YES to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh ! 
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee , President Trump didnt do anything wrong or illegal . But they all know that . The Democrats are hurting our Country , and getting nothing done . Shameful ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China , from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact , they got taken to the cleaners . We are doing very well with China . This has never happened to them before ! 
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish [HASHTAG] , so too should our country . We can be great ! 
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada . Adam is smart , works hard , and knows how to win . He will be a great Governor . Also , will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime ! 
 . [HANDLE] is a total phony and dishonest guy . Asked me for expensive hotel rooms , free ( and more ). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz ! 
You dont hand matches to an arsonist , and you dont give power to an angry left-wing mob . Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern . Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob . VOTE REPUBLICAN ! 
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor , Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA . Record clean Air Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars . Rent was about market rate , travel expenses OK . Scott is doing a great job ! 
Sadly , it looks like Mexicos Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States . Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in . I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy . Must change laws ! 
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago , instead of golfing . Too little , too late ! 
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U . S . Catch and Release , Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL ! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS . 
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys , Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie , on the success of their just out book , Let Trump Be Trump . Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign ! 
If victorious , Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote ! 
Such an important day at the United Nations , so much work and so much success , and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage . So bad for our Country ! 
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it . I am for the people and the people are for me . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives billions of . Why are we fighting for our enemy , Syria , by staying killing ISIS for them , Russia , Iran other locals ? Time to focus on our Country bring our youth back home where they belong ! 
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today ! [URL] [URL] [URL] 
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation , it will only take longer to make a deal , and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity . Negotiations are going really well , be cool . The end result will be worth it ! 
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman , Phyllis S ! 
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice . This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina . He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime ! 
THANK YOU [HANDLE] for following the RULE OF LAW ! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE ! Full remarks : [URL] [URL] 
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums deductibles increase by over 100 . Remember keep your doctor , keep your plan ? 
Obviously the European Union , as represented by [HANDLE] and the United States , as represented by yours truly , love each other ! [URL] 
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania , Barron , Ivanka , Jared , Tiffany , Don , Vanessa , Eric , and Lara ! [URL] 
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism . Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States ! 
45 , 000 construction manufacturing jobs in the U . S . Gulf Coast region . 20 billion investment . We are already winning again , America ! 
Ainsley Earnhardt , a truly great person , just wrote a wonderful book , The Light Within Me , which is doing really well . She is very special and so is her new book ... bring it to number one ! 
Wow , so many Fake News stories today . No matter what I do or say , they will not write or speak truth . The Fake News Media is out of control ! 
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win ! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago , people saw his great talent , and a bright future ahead . Now he is the Masters Champion ! 
I will be going to New Hampshire today , home of my first primary victory , to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday . 2 : 30 P . M . 
I havn ' t seen [HANDLE] in many years , he hardly knows me . Never liked his style . Super lib , Crooked H supporter . Irrelevant dope ! 
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular , just passed , Tax Cuts . House Republicans , dont let this happen . Pass the C . R . TODAY and keep our Government OPEN ! 
We must end the Opioid Crisis . Do your part today by participating in prescription drug [HASHTAG] at over 4 , 000 locations across the Country ! [URL] [URL] 
Sorry folks , but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN , NBC , ABC , CBS , washpost or nytimes , I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
Like it or not , Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party . Cortez ( AOC ) is fuming , not happy about this ! 
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime . President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled ! 
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law , your paychecks are going way UP , your taxes are going way DOWN , and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS ! [URL] 
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD , including during EARLY VOTING . Cheat at your own peril . Violators will be subject to maximum penalties , both civil and criminal ! 
 [HANDLE] : " Under a Trump presidency , America will make brilliant new trade deals !" Donald Trump [HASHTAG] [URL] 
not anymore . The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal , and now this ( U . N .)! Stay strong Israel , January 20th is fast approaching ! 
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U . S . A . G . in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting " go away , no pictures . 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] of the [HASHTAG] fame - We CAN do this ! We can [HASHTAG] with [HANDLE] [URL] 
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States , and the world , so well in the Syria attack . 
FBI top lawyer confirms unusual steps . They relied on the Clinton Campaigns Fake Unverified Dossier , which is illegal . That has corrupted them . That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS , and thats what they did to the President . Judge Napolitano
Things are going really well for our economy , a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing ! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH , unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA . Really good news , and much more to come ! 
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall . We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN ! 
Sorry , Ive got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear , bad Trade Deals , VA Choice , the Economy , rebuilding the Military , and so much more , and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating ClintonRussiaFBIJusticeObamaComeyLynch etc . 
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack , with so much loss of life . We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before , and we will . Need the WALL , need the BAN ! God bless the people of Egypt . 
The Failing [HANDLE] quotes a senior White House official , who doesnt exist , as saying even if the meeting were reinstated , holding it on June 12 would be impossible , given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed . WRONG AGAIN ! Use real people , not phony sources . 
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship [HANDLE] in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the [HASHTAG] ! 
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate . He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator . He is tough on crime , strong on borders , loves our Military , and our Vets ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow , Nellie Ohr , Bruce Ohrs wife , is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian . She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot . Collusion ! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is , unbelievably , still there ! 
A great American , Kurt Cochran , was killed in the London terror attack . My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends . 
You can change your vote in six states . So , now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake , change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
 . [HANDLE] has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado . He really knows how to win . Strong on Crime , Borders the 2nd A , Cory fights hard for our Military Vets . John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President . Big Primary trouble ! 
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement . [HASHTAG] SIGN UP TODAY WE WILL WIN ! [URL] 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W . Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 , joined by [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . [URL] 
Alice [HANDLE] Stewart : Thank you for the nice words while on [HANDLE] concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories . Youd be great on a network with much higher ratings . Keep up the good work ! 
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies . See you there ! 
The failing [HANDLE] wrote a story about my management style that I don ' t have many people . I have 73 , Hillary has 800- I ' m beating her . 
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week . Such lies , almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth . Fake News ! No wonder their ratings , along with CNN , are WAY DOWN . The hatred Comcast has is amazing ! 
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade ! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future . We will always have a good ( great ) relationship ! 
Heading to Colorado for a big rally . Massive crowd , great people ! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] They ' re all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet . I say you go on and destroy them all " A dead show
Just hit 50 in the Rasmussen Poll , much higher than President Obama at same point . With all of the phony stories and Fake News , its hard to believe ! Thank you America , we are doing Great Things . 
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games ! A WALL is a WALL ! 
Thank you to Amy Kremer , Women for Trump Co-Founder , for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum ... and by the way , women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever . Proud of that ! 
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations . The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can ' t kneel during our National Anthem ! 
Why is Senator Mark Warner ( D-VA ), perhaps in a near drunken state , claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller , the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt , knows ? Isnt this highly illegal . Is it being investigated ? 
Rasmussen just came out at 51 Approval despite the Fake News Media . They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day . Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC NewsWashington Post , and they havent changed ( get new pollsters ). Much of the media is a Scam ! 
The Fake Mainstream Media has , from the time I announced I was running for President , run the most highly sophisticated dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics . No matter how well WE do , they find fault . But the forgotten men women WON , Im President ! 
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border . Numbers are way down . Many are not even trying to come in anymore . 
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by [HANDLE] Secretary [HANDLE] . The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary , quoting phony sources or jealous people , but they arent true . They never like to ask me for a quote bc it would kill their story . 
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia . Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future ! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia ! 
In Florida there is a choice between a HarvardYale educated man named [HANDLE] who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee , said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country ! 
Today , it was my great honor to present the [HASHTAG] to [HANDLE] ( SEAL ) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the [HANDLE] . Full ceremony : [URL] [URL] 
Join me live- now in Las Vegas , Nevada ! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year . Sentiment fell 11 in 2015 , an Obama year , and rose 16 since the Election , [HASHTAG] ! 
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren , sometimes referred to as Pocahontas , pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard . 
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River . Thanks to [HANDLE] for getting it done . Big deal for Arizona ! 
Today , we are thrilled to welcome [HANDLE] CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapore back to the U . S . A ..... [URL] 
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple . We will be talking about many things , including how the U . S . has been treated unfairly for many years , by many countries , on trade . 
Statement from President Donald J . Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H . W . Bush [URL] 
Thank you Ohio ! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice . A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity . A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden , screeching halt . Vote [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party , while the Dems are going down . Establishment wants to kill this movement ! 
Natalie Harp , fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well , was a GREAT guest on [HANDLE] . Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results . Proud of Natalie ! 
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon , somewhat of a White House tradition or custom , to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting . Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media , which has gone totally bonkers ! 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome President [HANDLE] of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
For the record , I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia ( or Russia , for that matter ). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS ( of which there is plenty )! 
Trump is going to be our President . We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead ." So much time and money will be spent - same result ! Sad
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was " absolutely no connection " between her private work and that of The State Department . LIE ! 
FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias . [HANDLE] Big News , but the Fake News doesnt want to cover . Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam ! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly , too big a story ! 
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records . We all had a great time in a great State . Will be back soon ! 
Today , it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston [HANDLE] to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
It always happens ! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting , raving , cursing , they get destroyed by the Fake News . But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it , Republicans immediately come to his defense . We never learn ! 
I ' m a former chief of police in a border town . I ' m Hispanic , I ' m proud to be Hispanic and I ' m 100 behind Trump ." [URL] 
With 3 . 5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS , 2018 is off to great start ! Unemployment rate at 4 . 1 . Average earnings up 2 . 9 in the last year . 200 , 000 new American jobs . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America . In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere , Socialism is DYING - and liberty , prosperity , and democracy are being REBORN ... [URL] 
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the [HANDLE] ! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] What ' s wrong with showing Morocco ? Nothing ! It illustrates a Point ! Duh ! Love the video ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months . Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions ! 
The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4 . 1 . The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2 . 6 , the lowest ever recorded . The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4 . 7 , the lowest ever recorded ... [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released , most Democrats and others have gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over . Others are pretending that their former hero , Bob Mueller , no longer exists ! 
If Bernie Sanders , after seeing the just released e-mails , continues to look exhausted and done , then his legacy will never be the same . 
The LameStream Media had a very bad week . They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught , especially The Failing New York Times , which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history , and The Amazon Washington Post . They are The Enemy of the People ! 
Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party . We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration , and it got worsts worse . There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party . They dont care about Israel or the Jewish people . Elizabeth Pipko , Jexodus . 
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan . Will be great for our Farmers , Ranchers and more . Really big Corn purchase ! 
So impt Rep Senators , under leadership of [HANDLE] McConnell get healthcare plan approved . After 7yrs of O ' Care disaster , must happen ! 
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today . Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th [URL] 
Why is the United States Post Office , which is losing many billions of dollars a year , while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages , making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer ? Should be charging MUCH MORE ! 
The Democrats don ' t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members . 
Wow ! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico . Will it ever end ? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year , an all time record of its kind for anywhere . 
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550 and how much it will cost ? 
 [HASHTAG] - on Monday , I had the great honor of welcoming India ' s Prime Minister [HANDLE] to the WH . Full Remarks : [URL] 
Never seen the Republican Party so unified . No Cave on the issue of Border and National Security . A beautiful thing to see , especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border , High Taxes and Crime . Stop Criminals Drugs now ! 
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton . I am not a Mitt Romney , who doesn ' t know how to win . Hillary wants no part of " Trump
TEXAS : We are with you today , we are with you tomorrow , and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to restore , recover , and REBUILD ! [URL] 
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on [HANDLE] . The Fake News should listen to what he had to say . Thanks Jerry ! 
When youre almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade , you cant lose a Trade War ! The U . S . has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade , time to get smart ! 
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country . Tell them to stand ! 
Congratulations to Deb Fischer . The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box ! [HASHTAG] 
As I made very clear today , our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border , which must be part of any DACA approval . 
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78 this year . We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers ! 
 . [HANDLE] recently said that she cant be wooed by Trump . She is so average in every way , who the hell wants to woo her ! 
Andrew McCarthy - I said this could never happen . This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff , not just the people who gave it . It is so bad it screams out at you . On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt ! 
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority . Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials . Please be prepared , be careful and be SAFE ! [URL] [URL] 
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion , perhaps bigger than we have ever seen . Be safe and get out of its way , if possible . Federal G is ready ! 
I have been briefed on the U . S . C-130 Hercules cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport . Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims , their families and the great men and women of the National Guard . 
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country ! We love them . 
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton ' s foreign policy experience , she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters ! No more HRC . 
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN ! 
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell , who has screamed Repeal Replace for 7 years , couldn ' t get it done . Must Repeal Replace ObamaCare ! 
Little Marco Rubio , the lightweight no show Senator from Florida , is set to be the " puppet " of the special interest Koch brothers . WATCH ! 
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria . Get ready Russia , because they will be coming , nice and new and smart ! You shouldnt be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it ! 
How many stories are wrong ? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong . [HANDLE] The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys . The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didnt even remember the event . 
Just out : The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times , and 4 times last year alone . 
NBC News incorrectly reported ( as usual ) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh , and witnesses , only to certain people . Actually , I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate , at their discretion . Please correct your reporting ! 
John Kerry cant get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it ! Stay away from negotiations John , you are hurting your country ! 
Last night in Orlando , Florida , was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA ! Today at 3 : 00 P . M . I will be in Alabama for last rally ! 
The U . S . Economy is the envy of the world , as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession . But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy . [HANDLE] The Best Is Yet To Come . 
Biggest outrage yet in the long , winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19 , 000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover , Lisa Page , were purposely illegally deleted . Would have explained whole Hoax , which is now under protest ! 
Do you believe this ? The New York Times Op-Ed : MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY . Well , they got that one right ! 
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support . [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell and [HANDLE] have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country . Already passed , with big vote , in House . Would be a major victory for ALL ! 
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary . Read it you will never be able to vote for her . [HANDLE] [URL] 
A great honor to host the [HANDLE] Champion New England [HANDLE] at the White House today . Congratulations ! [URL] 
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people , from police to doctors to the victims themselves , who I will never forget ! 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC . [URL] 
Law enforcement military did a spectacular job in Hamburg . Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists . [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] 
Big legal win today . U . S . judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border . Now this important project can go forward ! 
Subject to the receipt of further information , I will be allowing , as President , the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened . 
Thank you Idaho ! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better . As President , I will protect your market . [URL] 
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before . Today , all over the great State of Texas ! 
The economy is looking really good . It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers . The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better . 
Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information . He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee . [HANDLE] 
In addition to great incompetence and corruption , The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime . Remember , MAGA COUNTRY DID IT ! That turned out to be a total lie , had nothing to do with MAGA COUNTRY . Serious stuff , and not even an apology to millions of people ! 
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing . Not being fair to the consumer , or to our Country ! 
I look forward to reading the [HANDLE] 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June . Will take major action if necessary . 
I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years . It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country , to their own reputation or to the Constitution . An absolute catastrophe Sean Davis [HANDLE] 
I am all alone ( poor me ) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security . At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about . Crazy ! 
Last night , it was my great honor to host Americas senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House . Americas military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world . They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform ! [URL] 
It was an honor to welcome President [HANDLE] of Spain . Thank you for standing w us in our efforts to isolate the brutal [HASHTAG] regime . [URL] 
California wildfires are being magnified made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which arent allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized . It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean . Must also tree clear to stop fire spreading ! 
If they try to Impeach President Trump , who has done nothing wrong ( No Collusion ), they will end up getting him re-elected [HANDLE] Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors . There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors , except for those committed by the other side ! 
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years . Great news for workers and JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Only fools , or worse , are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon . THEY LOSE A FORTUNE , and this will be changed . Also , our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country ... not a level playing field ! 
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid ? Never met her , she knows ZERO about me , has NO talent , and truly doesnt have the it factor needed for success in showbiz . Had a bad reputation , and now works for the ComcastNBC losers making up phony stories about me . Low Ratings . Fake News ! 
Sadly , they and others are Fake News , and the public is just beginning to figure it out ! [URL] 
A very big Caravan of over 20 , 000 people started up through Mexico . It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming . Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border call up the Military . The Coyotes Cartels have weapons ! 
So why didnt the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33 , 000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress ? She must have GREAT lawyers ! 
Amazing that Ted Cruz can ' t even get a Senator like [HANDLE] , who is easy , to endorse him . Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted ! 
The Washington Post and New York Times are , in my opinion , two of the most dishonest media outlets around . Truly , the Enemy of the People ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Something VERY close to my heart . I ' m a NAVY VET ! I love [HANDLE] ' s VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS . 
Today , I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend , PM Abe of Japan to the [HANDLE] . Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges , of which there are many ... [URL] 
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th . While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially , I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world ... [URL] 
We need to be smart , vigilant and tough . We need the courts to give us back our rights . We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety ! 
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with . Hard to believe there was a Congress President who would approve ! 
Wow , did you just hear Bill Clinton ' s statement on how bad ObamaCare is . Hillary not happy . As I have been saying , REPEAL AND REPLACE ! 
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to " get Trump ." Not fair to FR or effort ! 
California finally deserves a great Governor , one who understands borders , crime and lowering taxes . John Cox is the man - hell be the best Governor youve ever had . I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again ! 
Hillary Clinton doesn ' t have the strength or stamina to be president . Jeb Bush is a low energy individual , but Hillary is not much better ! 
I will be interviewed on The O ' Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel . [HANDLE] 
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication . He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog ! Ted panicked . 
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators , their families and our incredible [HANDLE] . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : You have over 2M followers more than than [HANDLE] . This says something about how America feels . [HASHTAG] 
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques . 49 innocent people have so senselessly died , with so many more seriously injured . The U . S . stands by New Zealand for anything we can do . God bless all ! 
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier , they are Wasting their time ! 
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats , lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton , rigged the Primaries ! Lets go FBI Justice Dept . 
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
During Small Business Week , we celebrate the great , hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business ! 
I never called the strike against Iran BACK , as people are incorrectly reporting , I just stopped it from going forward at this time ! 
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved . Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] It ' s Morning in America again !!! Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump !!! So proud of you !!!!" THANKS ! 
On Trade , France makes excellent wine , but so does the U . S . The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U . S . to sell its wines into France , and charges big Tariffs , whereas the U . S . makes it easy for French wines , and charges very small Tariffs . Not fair , must change ! 
The Theater must always be a safe and special place . The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man , Mike Pence . Apologize ! 
On my way to Des Moines , Iowa- will see you soon with [HANDLE] . Join us ! Tickets : [URL] [HASHTAG] 
The [HANDLE] poll sample is heavy on Democrats . Very dishonest - why would they do that ? Other polls good ! 
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China . They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately . We make the finest and cleanest product in the World , and that is what China wants . Farmers , I LOVE YOU ! 
National wage growth is at the highest its been in nearly 17 months -- and , according to a new study released by Glassdoor , its not expected to slow down anytime soon .... [URL] 
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me . No policy , and always very short ( stamina ). Media gives her a pass ! 
So , it has now been determined , by 18 people that truly hate President Trump , that there was No Collusion with Russia . In fact , it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start . I fought back hard against this Phony Treasonous Hoax ! 
Consumer confidence rose in September , notching its highest level in about 18 years . The Consumer Board ' s index rose to 138 . 4 this month from 134 . 7 in August ... [URL] 
Ed Gillespie , who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam , must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff . If they find that terrible picture before the election , he wins by 20 points ! 
American must now get very tough , very smart and very vigilant . We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening . 
Senator Richard Burr , The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , just announced that after almost two years , more than two hundred interviews , and thousands of documents , they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA ! Is anybody really surprised by this ? 
Reports by [HANDLE] that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency , even part time , are ridiculous untrue - FAKE NEWS ! 
Wow , ratings for Morning Joe , which were really bad in the first place , just tanked with the release of the Mueller Report . Likewise , other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50 . Just shows , Fake News never wins ! 
NO COLLUSION , NO OBSTRUCTION , NO NOTHING ! What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business . David Rivkin , Constitutional Scholar . Meantime , the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress . They are frozen stiff . Get back to work , much to do ! 
So it was indeed ( just proven in court papers ) last in his class ( Annapolis ) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election . He the Dems , working together , failed ( as usual ). Even the Fake News refused this garbage ! 
The New York Times had no legitimate sources , which would be totally illegal , concerning the Mueller Report . In fact , they probably had no sources at all ! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me ! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant . She is too easy ! I ' m driving her nuts . 
A number of months ago , I was not expected to win South Carolina , Ted Cruz was , and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category . WIN ! 
Under our potential deal with China , they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce . 
Our great First Lady is doing really well . Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days . Thank you for so much love and support ! 
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report . That is Fake News . Already 87 pages done , but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report . 
So funny to see little Adam Schitt ( D-CA ) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate , but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller ( who is highly conflicted ) was not approved by the Senate ! 
I have been in office for many years , the Military is very important to me , and at no time in my professional life has the U . S . Military been as strong as it is right now . Thank you [HANDLE] 
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been , and that includes the Cold War . There is no reason for this . Russia needs us to help with their economy , something that would be very easy to do , and we need all nations to work together . Stop the arms race ? 
My experience in Iowa was a great one . I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn ' t do well there and ended up in 2nd place . Nice
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] is so angry . Our [HANDLE] looks great . kaine can ' t defend all those lies [HASHTAG] 
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren [HANDLE] has done less in the U . S . Senate than practically any other senator . All talk , no action ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton , who I would love to call Lyin ' Hillary , is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions . 
Hillary ' s refusal to mention Radical Islam , as she pushes a 550 increase in refugees , is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country . 
 . [HANDLE] - I am in Nevada . Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience . Better luck next time . 
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism ? If he doesn ' t he should immediately resign in disgrace ! 
If our healthcare plan is approved , you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down . ObamaCare is in a death spiral ! 
This week , my Administration is hosting the first-ever [HASHTAG] . The U . S . will continue to promote [HASHTAG] around the world . Nations that support religious freedom are far more free , prosperous peaceful . Great job , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] ! 
In just 4 days , the people of Indiana are going to send Mike [HANDLE] to the United States Senate , so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Get out and VOTE !! [URL] 
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th . Fantastic job , we are all very proud of you ! 
Exactly 100 years ago today , on November 11th , 1918 , World War I came to an end . We are gathered together , at this hallowed resting place , to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle .... [URL] 
Congressman Neal Dunn ( [HANDLE] ) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with [HASHTAG] . Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild . Strong on Crime , strong on Borders , loves our Military and our Vets . Neal has my highest Endorsement ! 
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is , by far , me . It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped ! 
JFK Files are being carefully released . In the end there will be great transparency . It is my hope to get just about everything to public ! 
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister [HANDLE] of Italy to the [HANDLE] ! Join us at 2 : 00pmE for our joint press conference : [URL] [URL] 
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA . Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs fixing Obamacare ? Get back to work for the American people ! 
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do . The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 , and they decided not to do anything about DACA . They only want to use it as a campaign issue . Vote Republican ! 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq . GOD BLESS THE U . S . A .! [URL] 
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33 , 000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress ? 
I am working hard , even on Thanksgiving , trying to get Carrier A . C . Company to stay in the U . S . ( Indiana ). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon ! 
Great meeting w NATO Sec . Gen . We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share focus on [URL] 
I often said during rallies , with little variation , that Mexico will pay for the Wall . We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico . It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces . The difference pays for Wall many times over ! 
Patrick Moore , co-founder of Greenpeace : The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News , its Fake Science . There is no climate crisis , theres weather and climate all around the world , and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life . [HANDLE] Wow ! 
It is being reported by virtually everyone , and is a fact , that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history ! 
U . S . Senator Bob Corker ( R-Tenn .) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election : [URL] 
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders refusing to change the Loopholes Asylum , tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border . We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws . They didnt ! 
Today , it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr . Memorial with [HANDLE] Mike Pence , in honor of [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House , as it pertains to my business , so complex - when actually it isn ' t ! 
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me . In the meantime , and unfortunately , maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost ! 
The people of Alabama will do the right thing . Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion , weak on Crime , Military and Illegal Immigration , Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL . Jones is a PelosiSchumer Puppet . Roy Moore will always vote with us . VOTE ROY MOORE ! 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility , she changed her tune . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process gets it right
Since the first day I took office , all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election , Russia , Russia , Russia . Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Yesterday , I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends , in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol . It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante ... [URL] [URL] 
Our Great Larry Kudlow , who has been working so hard on trade and the economy , has just suffered a heart attack . He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center . 
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day ! Will be back soon . [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border . He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border . The high crime rate will only get higher . Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started ! 
We will bring America together as ONE country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams . [HASHTAG] 
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone , even with bad intentions , can come into U . S .? 
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday . Get tough and smart U . S ., or we won ' t have a country anymore ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is " guilty as hell " but the system is totally rigged and corrupt ! Where are the 33 , 000 missing e-mails ? 
Crooked Hillary just can ' t close the deal with Bernie . It will be the same way with ISIS , and China on trade , and Mexico at the border . Bad ! 
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden dont want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities ( no more open arms ), why should others be expected to take them into their communities ? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit ! 
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote . Brave - American hero ! Thank you John . 
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill , either GOODLATTE 1 or 2 , because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold . I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov . 
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma . Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor . He is strong on Crime Borders , the 2nd Amendment , loves our Military Vets . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
 [HANDLE] : My debate report card : Christie A- , Trump A- , Bush B , Kasich B , Cruz B , Carson C , Rubio D . Full report cards here . 
Sebastian Gorka , a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House , has just written an excellent book , Why We Fight . Much will be learned from this very good read ! 
The Economy is soooo good , perhaps the best in our countrys history ( remember , its the economy stupid !), that the Democrats are flailing lying like CRAZY ! Phony books , articles and T . V . hits like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big . Very dishonest people ! 
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades . Businesses are coming back to America like never before . Chrysler , as an example , is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA . Unemployment is nearing record lows . We are on the right track ! 
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good ! News conference at 11 : 00 A . M . today , Trump Tower ! 
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today . A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what ' s going on
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years ( AAA ). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly ! [HANDLE] 
As long as we open our eyes to Gods grace - and open our hearts to Gods love - then America will forever be the land of the free , the home of the brave , and a light unto all nations . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
My son Donald did a good job last night . He was open , transparent and innocent . This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history . Sad ! 
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan , who has just left Florida . Talked in depth about North Korea , Military and Trade . Good things will happen ! 
Big meetings today at the United Nations . So many interesting leaders . America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
 [HANDLE] : Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began , while 60 of Americans still supported the war . [URL] 
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesdays Election ( or Early Voting ). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law . Thank you ! 
Thank you , [HANDLE] Jim Justice , for that warm introduction . Tonight , it was my great honor to attend the Greenbrier Classic Salute to Service Dinner in West Virginia ! God Bless our Veterans . God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL ! [URL] 
When a car is sent to the United States from China , there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 12 . When a car is sent to China from the United States , there is a Tariff to be paid of 25 . Does that sound like free or fair trade . No , it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years ! 
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates , Lyin Ted Cruz . Honestly , I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion ! 
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history , median income the highest , and you then add all of the other things I have done , how do Democrats , who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK , win the Black Vote ? And it will only get better ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HASHTAG] will be overtaken by [HASHTAG] . We are superior and have more supporters . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] . 
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night . We cant have a PelosiSchumer Liberal Democrat , Jones , in that important Alabama Senate seat . Need your vote to Make America Great Again ! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country . 
An honor to welcome PM of Australia , [HANDLE] to America join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] There will be MASSIVE turnout for you , Mr . Trump - These polls don ' t register the pulse of the PEOPLE ! 
It is now commonly agreed , after many months of COSTLY looking , that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump . Was collusion with HC ! 
The W . H . is functioning perfectly , focused on HealthCare , Tax CutsReform many other things . I have very little time for watching T . V . 
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U . S . and Japan , something we have to do . The U . S . seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity . Were working hard to reduce our trade imbalance ... [URL] 
On this Cuban Independence Day , we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom , democracy and prosperity . The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans Venezuelans . The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Dont worry Trump , They are losing thousands of viewers and money . Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
Trump has set Economic Growth on fire . During his time in office , the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible . GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate . The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low . CNBC ... Also , the Stock Market is up almost 50 since Election ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for your 20 billion investment that is creating more than 45 , 000 manufacturing construction jobs in the USA ! 
These guys , the investigators , ought to be in jail . What they have done , working with the Obama intelligence agencies , is simply unprecedented . This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country , and Mueller is a coverup . Rush Limbaugh
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese ( glad they finally added China ) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones . Except that I rarely use a cellphone , when I do its government authorized . I like Hard Lines . Just more made up Fake News ! 
Even though every poll , Time , Drudge etc ., has me winning the debate by a lot , [HANDLE] only puts negative people on . Biased - a total joke ! 
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives ? It ' s dead ! 
Mike Pompeo , Director of the CIA , will become our new Secretary of State . He will do a fantastic job ! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service ! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA , and the first woman so chosen . Congratulations to all ! 
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate ? 
Not only did Senator Burrs Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia , its important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300 , 000 pages of documents , the Committee has direct access to intelligence information thats Classified . [HANDLE] 
I have gotten to know President [HANDLE] well in our dealings with Brazil . He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy . He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA ! 
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech . I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics ! 
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems : " In my opinion , it is humiliating . One must be able to lose with dignity ." So true ! 
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now , Dems wont act . Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year . Mexico must stop the march to Border ! [HANDLE] 
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails , resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player . ( Bernie ), media would go wild
 . [HANDLE] , one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N . Y . C ., just took himself out of consideration for " State ". 
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED ! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen , and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens , NO WAY . We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court ! 
Network news has become so partisan , distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and , if appropriate , revoked . Not fair to public ! 
Great new book , Justice On Trial , The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court . Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino ! 
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
Deputy A . G . Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference : There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity . There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election . 
In 2016 I almost won Minnesota . In 2020 , because of America hating anti-Semite Rep . Omar , the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever , I will win the State ! We are going to be a nightmare to the President , she say . No , AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America ! 
Wow ! Morning Joe Psycho ratings have really crashed . Very small audience . People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed . Sad , when the show was sane , they helped get me elected . Thanks ! Was on all the time . Lost all of its juice ! 
Wow , my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary . She sold them out , V . P . pick ! 
I am proud of the Rep . House Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes reform . Were getting close ! Now , how about ending the unfair highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare reducing taxes even further ? Cut top rate to 35 wall of the rest going to middle income cuts ? 
Big announcement by Ford today . Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants . Car companies coming back to U . S . JOBS ! JOBS ! JOBS ! 
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA . The Russia Hoax is dead ! 
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation . Some are true and some are false . Some are old and some are new . There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone . Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process ? 
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins , Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles . GROWING PARTY
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice ... and just wait till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest ! 
I will be in Wisconsin until the election . Jobs , trade and immigration will be big factors . I will bring jobs back home - make great deals ! 
 . [HANDLE] of Pennsylvania is fantastic . He is strong on the Border , Crime , the Military , our Vets and the 2nd Amendment . He is a powerful vote for [HASHTAG] and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania . Please get out and vote for John , he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement ! 
Leaving South Korea now heading to China . Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi ! 
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is " not qualified " to be president because she has " very bad judgement " - Bernie said the same thing ! 
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola , Florida . Arena was packed to the rafters , the crowd was loud , loving and really smart . They definitely get whats going on . Thank you Pensacola ! 
Ivanka Trump Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called pushing out of Don McGahn . The Fake News Media has it , purposely , so wrong ! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesnt exist-just a smooth running machine with changing parts ! 
 . [HANDLE] is a sad case . A total embarrassment to both himself and his family , he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads ! 
Dwyane Wade ' s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago . Just what I have been saying . African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP ! 
The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box . The fight for Americas future is never over ! Ben Shapiro
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president . She has bad judgement , poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record . Change ! 
As the days and weeks go by , we see what a total mess our country ( and world ) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions ! 
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it ' s actually much worse than anyone ever thought , and it begins with the Fake News ! 
This story is not about Mr . Khan , who is all over the place doing interviews , but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U . S . Get smart ! 
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers harmful to job-creators . Americans need [HASHTAG] ! More : [URL] [URL] 
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities , to let drugs pour into our cities , and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans . Democrats want anarchy , amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW , ORDER and JUSTICE ! 
President Xi and I will always be friends , no matter what happens with our dispute on trade . China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do . Taxes will become Reciprocal a deal will be made on Intellectual Property . Great future for both countries ! 
Unlike the other Republican candidates , I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won ' t be fleeing , in and out . I love invest in Nevada ! 
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don ' t want secure borders , they don ' t care about safety for U . S . A . 
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY ! 
I will bring jobs back and get wages up . People haven ' t had a real wage increase in almost twenty years . Clinton killed jobs ! 
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon , a fine gentleman . We will figure it all out ! 
So great that oil prices are falling ( thank you President T ). Add that , which is like a big Tax Cut , to our other good Economic news . Inflation down ( are you listening Fed )! 
 . [HANDLE] new book , " Spygate : The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J . Trump ," is terrific . He ' s tough , he ' s smart , and he really gets it . His book is on sale now , I highly recommend ! 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A . C . 
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster . He LIED ! LIED ! LIED ! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey !! No collusion , all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes ! 
So sad that [HANDLE] and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma . Dishonest reporting ! 
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin ? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago ? Investigate ! 
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the " Diversity Visa Lottery Program ," a Chuck Schumer beauty . I want merit based . 
especially how to get people , even with an unlimited budget , out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more ). They focused on wrong states
What is taking so long with the Inspector Generals Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey . Numerous delays . Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker ! There are so many horrible things to tell , the public has the right to know . Transparency ! 
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran . I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One . [URL] 
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs . Trumps got China back on its heels , and the United States is doing great . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Shutting down the government is a very serious thing . People die , accidents happen . I dont know how I would vote right now on a CR , OK ? Sen . Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif ) [URL] 
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina . Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int ' l Airport ! [URL] 
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election , the FAKE NEWS [HANDLE] is still lost ! 
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary , I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process . People get it ! 
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth , New Hampshire w 7K supporters . THANK YOU ! This is the biggest election of our lifetime [URL] 
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy , California . Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended . Be careful and safe ! 
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate . Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current ! 
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem , and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD ! [URL] 
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe , there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to how to deal with North Korea ... and if there was , it wouldnt matter . The [HANDLE] has called me wrong right from the beginning ! 
Today , [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit ( [HANDLE] ) in Atlanta , Georgia ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Congratulations to Bob Kraft , Bill Belichick , Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season . Will be a fantastic Super Bowl ! 
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position . 
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked . There is reason to believe that we know the culprit , are locked and loaded depending on verification , but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack , and under what terms we would proceed ! 
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED ! We need to make AMERICA SAFE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell . Trump 2016
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes . This will fix the Southern Border , together with the help that Mexico is now giving us . Probably wont happen , but worth a try . Two weeks and big Deportation begins ! 
Crazy [HANDLE] supposedly had lyin ' Ted Cruz on her show last night . Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse . Ted can ' t win ! 
Just like the NFL , whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN , Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts . I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way ? As far as the NFL is concerned , I just find it hard to watch , and always will , until they stand for the FLAG ! 
Massive crowds inside and outside of the [HANDLE] in Houston , Texas . Landing shortly - see everyone soon ! [HASHTAG] : t . co0pWiwCq4MH [URL] 
No matter the mission , the brave men women of our [HANDLE] proudly answer the call to serve 247365 . THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I am making a big speech the night of the [HANDLE] debate , but I wish everyone well . Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins ! 
Bill Hemmer of [HANDLE] was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena . More than in past years . 
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage , why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage ? 
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America . There has never been anything like it . Now Disney , J . P . Morgan Chase and many others . Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again . Long way to go ! Jobs , Jobs , Jobs ! 
Great news that [HANDLE] has cancelled the additional debate . How many times can the same people ask the same question ? I beat Cruz debating
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated . Thank you to FEMA , first responders , and all , for working so hard being so well prepared . A great result ! The bad news , Florida get ready ! Storm is building and will be BIG ! 
Thank you Florida . My Administration will follow two simple rules : BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN ! [HASHTAG] - Watch : [URL] 
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security Safety . Dont wait until after the election because you are going to lose ! 
Can you believe that despite 93 bad stories from the Fake News Media ( should be getting good stories ), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers , including those on Election Day ? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press . Make America Great Again ! 
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election . People are much better off now not to mention ISIS , VA , Judges , Strong Border , 2nd A , Tax Cuts more ? 
Seems like the Department of Justice ( and FBI ) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] If this had happened to the other side , everybody involved would be in jail . This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time . 
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to purge themselves of Fake News . Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business ? 
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas , then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again ( which is happening faster than anyone anticipated )! 
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California . Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on . I am with you all the way . God Bless all of the victims and families affected . 
In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border , I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved , and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do . Brandon Judd , National Border Patrol
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier , a man who has served proudly in the Navy , on your newly found Freedom . Now you can go out and have the life you deserve ! 
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls . He is nervous . People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks ! 
See Lyin ' Ted , even the [HANDLE] ( no fan of mine ) says this story came from Rubio , not Trump ! [URL] 
The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the ObamaClinton gang . Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump again . [HANDLE] 
Bob Hugin , successful all of his life , would be a Great Senator from New Jersey . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! Get out and Vote for Bob . 
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue , head of The Catholic League , for the wonderful interview on [HANDLE] and article in Newsmax ! Great insight
One size doesnt fit all - I support West Virginia Schools . Keep up the great work , [HANDLE] Big Jim Justice - I am with you ! [URL] 
Senator [HANDLE] of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again ! Get out and vote for Roger , he has my total support ! 
Sean Davis , The Federalist : Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job . Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion , and no new evidence from Mueller . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy . 
Beautiful evening at a [HASHTAG] with great American Patriots . Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together , we are taking back this Country returning power to YOU , the AMERICAN PEOPLE . Get out and [URL] [URL] [URL] 
Today , it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 20162017 at the [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] : [URL] [URL] 
If the U . S . does not win this case as it so obviously should , we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled . Politics ! 
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich Marco Rubio , and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz . 12
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields , in cemeteries , battlefields , and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life . They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies , from privilege and from poverty ... [URL] 
This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States . Dan Bongino on [HANDLE] True ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media . She is not a talented person or politician . The dishonest media refuses to expose ! 
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all . Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story . Illegal deletion by Mueller . They gave us the insurance policy . [URL] 
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego , I have thousands of great reviews will win case ! 
The FAKE NEWS media ( failing [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and many more ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the American people . SICK ! 
 . [HANDLE] of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved . Also big help on cutting regs . I am with him in his re-election all the way ! 
If the press would cover me accurately honorably , I would have far less reason to " tweet ." Sadly , I don ' t know if that will ever happen ! 
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA . Our detention areas are maxed out we will take no more illegals . Next step is to close the Border ! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico ! 
Funny how the failing [HANDLE] is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said " Trump is a genius ." America 1st ! 
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson . I dont make deals for hostages . There was , however , great appreciation on behalf of the United States , which will lead to good , perhaps great , relations between the United States Turkey ! 
Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working . Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked , are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes . I dont see a deal ! 
The United States and the European Union have a 1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship the largest economic relationship in the world . We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens ... [URL] 
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis ! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes . 
A whistleblower with second hand information ? Another Fake News Story ! See what was said on the very nice , no pressure , call . Another Witch Hunt ! 
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely . Active barricaded suspect . L . A . P . D . working with Federal Law Enforcement . 
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion No Obstruction , the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies , and with NO REASON . Thats all they want to do - dont care about anything else ! 
General Anthony Tata : President Trump is a man of his word he said he was going to be tough on the Border , and he is tough on the Border . He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat . Its the right move by President Trump . Thanks General ! 
Get out and vote ! I am your voice and I will fight for you ! We will make America great again ! [URL] 
The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States , which will now put Tariffs on 11 Billion of EU products ! The EU has taken advantage of the U . S . on trade for many years . It will soon stop ! 
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest ! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister ! 
So to all Americans , in every city near and far , small and large , from mountain to mountain ... [URL] 
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably , as they should . Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger . 
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs , or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life . 
Our great Senator ( and Star ) from the State of Arkansas , [HANDLE] , has just completed a wonderful book , Sacred Duty , about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion . On sale today , make it big ! 
The Russia hoax continues , now it ' s ads on Facebook . What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary ? 
Thank you to Sue Kruczek , who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge , for your kind words while on [HANDLE] . We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain ! 
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him , and the people of California , all the way ! 
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online ! Watch it here : [URL] [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
On behalf of [HANDLE] Melania and the entire Trump family , I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS ! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts , warmth to your homes , cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy , of the Great State of Louisiana , for the U . S . Senate . The election is over - JOHN WON ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on his big win yesterday . John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again ! 
Tried watching low-rated [HANDLE] this morning , unwatchable ! [HANDLE] is off the wall , a neurotic and not very bright mess ! 
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia , New Hampshire -- will be back soon ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Trump only wins with our votes . we must grow Trump nation and do our part . vote . This is our time . 
 [HANDLE] : Now cut off my mic ! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump , 2nd Amendment HEATED ! [URL] 
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend ! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low , just like a Tax Cut . The Democrats green policies will raise your price of gas ! [URL] 
In new Quinnipiac Poll , 66 of people feel the economy is Excellent or Good . That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll . 
The [HANDLE] must fight harder for the American worker . China , and many others , are taking advantage of U . S . with our terrible trade pacts
Wow , the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible . Far better than Ocare ! 
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special , the Republican Party . Wrong , I didn ' t inherit it , I won it with millions of voters ! 
Happy birthday to the great [HANDLE] . You and your beautiful song have made such a difference . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia . I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week . We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you ! 
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia . Be ready , be prepared ! 
North Carolina , vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow . We need him badly in Washington ! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter . 
The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans ! 
Wow , I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing [HANDLE] piece . Massive front page for that ! 
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania , Vice President Mike Pence , and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando , Florida , at the 20 , 000 seat Amway Center . Join us for this Historic Rally ! Tickets : [URL] 
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety , investment , and interest rates ! We are in a very strong position . Companies are also coming to the U . S . in big numbers . A beautiful thing to watch ! 
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
You just cant win with the Fake News Media . A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low , more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation . Sorry everyone ! 
Great mtg w [HANDLE] today . Tomorrow , I will be announcing the new head of the Fed . I think you will be extremely impressed by this person ! [URL] 
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag . A no brainer ! 
Announcing great , expanded HRAsbig win for small employers and workers . This is a fantastic plan ! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage . [URL] 
General Michael Flynn , the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction , has not retained a good lawyer , he has retained a GREAT LAWYER , Sidney Powell . Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both ! 
I hereby demand a second investigation , after Schumer , of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia , and lying about it . [URL] 
The United States stands ready to work with [HANDLE] to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere . Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration ! 
 [HANDLE] : Wow ! Let ' s hear it for the Factor . Let the truth be known . More are beginning to realize [HANDLE] is the real deal ! 
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show , to so many , how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is . It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business ( almost ) there is ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Are the investigative journalists of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer ? 
Isnt it Ironic ? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade ( we have the worst trade deals ever made ), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea the Nuclear Problem ... But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt ! 
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota . He will help us accomplish our America First policies , is strong on Crime , the Border , our 2nd Amendmen , Trade , Military and Vets . Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson . Dave has my Total Endorsement ! 
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates . It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials . This is an extremely dangerous storm , please prepare and be safe ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
I will be interviewed on the [HANDLE] at 7 : 00 A . M . this morning . Enjoy ! 
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it . Don ' t let them fool you- get out and vote ! [HASHTAG] on November 8th ! 
After the way I beat Gov . Scott Walker ( and Jeb , Rand , Marco and all others ) in the Presidential Primaries , no way he would ever endorse me ! 
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case ( such as DACA ) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts . 
Every time you see a Caravan , or people illegally coming , or attempting to come , into our Country illegally , think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws ! Remember the Midterms ! So unfair to those who come in legally . 
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt , Acting Secretary of the Interior , will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior . David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived , and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed ! 
Nancy , I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech , there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer ( made during the Shutdown , security is no problem ), and my written acceptance . While a contract is a contract , Ill get back to you soon ! 
It all begins today ! I will see you at 11 : 00 A . M . for the swearing-in . THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton , perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency , is also one of the all time great enablers ! 
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia . Tremendous potential for a goodgreat relationship with Russia , despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media . Look how they have misled you on Russia Collusion . The World can be a better and safer place . Nice ! 
Very sadly , Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33 from 2017 , to 33 , 341 . This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country . Worse even than Afghanistan . Much caused by DRUGS . Wall is being built ! 
Lying [HASHTAG] Cruz just ( on election day ) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall . He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol ! 
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania . Will hopefully be able to stop at the U . S . Virgin Islands ( people working hard ). 
Happy 243rd Birthday to the [HANDLE] ! Thank you for your bravery , sacrifices , and dedication to the U . S . A . We love you ! [URL] 
Information is being illegally given to the failing [HANDLE] [HANDLE] by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ?). Just like Russia
In getting the endorsement of the 16 , 500 Border Patrol Agents ( thank you ), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary ! 
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders . Many decisions made , including on Afghanistan . 
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe . Also , many in U . S . I TOLD YOU SO ! I alone can fix this problem ! 
After North Korea missile launch , it ' s more important than ever to fund our gov ' t military ! Dems shouldn ' t hold troop funding hostage for amnesty illegal immigration . I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big . They can ' t now threaten a shutdown to get their demands . 
NO COLLUSION , NO OBSTRUCTION . Besides , how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion ( by Trump ), but the bad actions were done by the other side ? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics ! 
The most profound question of our era : Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U . S ., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy ? Judge Andrew Napolitano
 . [HANDLE] Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for . A nasty guy with no heart ! 
Lindsey Graham is all over T . V ., much like failed 47 candidate Mitt Romney . These nasty , angry , jealous failures have ZERO credibility ! 
Like many , I dont watch Saturday Night Live ( even though I past hosted it ) - no longer funny , no talent or charm . It is just a political ad for the Dems . Word is that Kanye West , who put on a MAGA hat after the show ( despite being told no ), was great . Hes leading the charge ! 
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary , but his opponent in November is his biggest dream .... a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime many other problems to flourish in his city . This is not what Florida wants or needs ! 
In the Medias effort to destroy the President , they are actually destroying themselves . Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced , its amazing he has accomplished so much . DEROY MURDOCK [HANDLE] I agree ! 
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC . All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones . [URL] 
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise . Gang members , drug dealers others are being removed ! 
Israel was very respectful nice to Rep . Rashida Tlaib , allowing her permission to visit her grandmother . As soon as she was granted permission , she grandstanded loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel . Could this possibly have been a setup ? Israel acted appropriately ! 
Together , we dream of a Korea that is free , a peninsula that is safe , and families that are reunited once again ! [URL] 
Here is the video , A Story of Opportunity that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign , we are hereby : [URL] 
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the [HASHTAG] . Congratulations ! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody . When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer . A wonderful thing for the U . S . A .!! 
Amazing rally in Reno , Nevada- thank you . Make sure you get out on 118 VOTE [HASHTAG] . Together , we will put [URL] 
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio . [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] is working hard to belittle my victory . Rove is sick ! 
Our first duty , and our highest loyalty , is to the citizens of the United States . We will not rest until our border is secure , our citizens are safe , and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all . [URL] 
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday . Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd , the end result was solid ! 
 [HANDLE] : My pal [HANDLE] was just on Megan Kelly ' s show ! He digs Trump . Thank you David , you were great ! 
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U . S . A . Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers . 
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by [HASHTAG] . The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii . [URL] 
Great to be back in Tennessee . On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge [HASHTAG] - see everyone soon ! [URL] 
Thank you for you support Virginia ! In ONE DAY - get out and [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] : [URL] [URL] 
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws , or the Border , despite the great job being done by Border Patrol , will only get worse . Big sections of Wall now being built ! 
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House . Wrong ! People will always come go , and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision . I still have some people that I want to change ( always seeking perfection ). There is no Chaos , only great Energy ! 
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST . It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS , to protect OUR COMMUNITIES , and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY ! [URL] [URL] 
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday . Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done . Players will stand for Country ! 
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans . Most Republicans were loyal , terrific worked really hard . We will return ! 
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them . They have just suspended U . S . Tariff Hikes . U . S . is doing very well . China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal . It could happen , and rather soon ! 
ObamaCare is torturing the American People . The Democrats have fooled the people long enough . Repeal or Repeal Replace ! I have pen in hand . 
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low . Together , we are making the economy great again ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] is the worst . They go to their dumb , one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump ! VAST MAJORITY want : Make America Great Again ! 
In all fairness , Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats . If they give her a hard time , perhaps we will add some Republican votes . She has earned this great honor ! 
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help . Be careful , be safe ! [HASHTAG] 
These California fires are expanding very , very quickly ( in some cases 80-100 acres a minute ). If people dont evacuate quickly , they risk being overtaken by the fire . Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials ! 
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina . ObamaCare is dead . Dems want to raise taxes big ! They can only obstruct , no ideas . Vote " R
Yesterday , Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever : 1 , 036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am . Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border ! [URL] 
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL ! Despite that , we play the game because I , unlike the Democrats , have done nothing wrong ! 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday , and we grieve the nations loss . We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support . We are with you [HANDLE] ! 
of jobs and companies lost . If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting . 
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now . Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect Americas Southern Border ! [URL] 
Ratings challenged [HANDLE] reports so seriously that I call President Obama ( and Clinton ) " the founder " of ISIS , MVP . THEY DON ' T GET SARCASM ? 
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders . Mock his heritage and much more . On-line from Wikileakes , really vicious . RIGGED
Thank you to all of my great supporters , really big progress being made . Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals . Economy is ROARING . Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS . New Poll says Trump , at over 90 , is the most popular Republican in history of the Party . Wow ! 
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House . Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food ( I paid ), over 1000 hamburgers etc . Within one hour , it was all gone . Great guys and big eaters ! 
Nick Adams new book , Green Card Warrior , is a must read . The merit-based system is the way to go . Canada , Australia ! [HANDLE] 
Happy birthday to U . S . ARMY and our soldiers . Thank you for your bravery , sacrifices , dedication . Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can ' t beat you ! Trump will win Texas ! 
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me . He should say that but I say NO WAY ! - jobs leaving , ISIS , OCare , etc . 
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Today is the day ! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin ' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can ' t stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Everyone B smart ! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis . I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC [URL] 
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials , never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border ( although I have the absolute right to do so , and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border ), and am not frustrated . It is all Fake Corrupt News ! 
What do I know about branding , maybe nothing ( but I did become President !), but if I were Boeing , I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX , add some additional great features , REBRAND the plane with a new name . No product has suffered like this one . But again , what the hell do I know ? 
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations , we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
They are liars , and in my opinion , TRAITORS ! [HANDLE] talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends . 
On behalf of [HANDLE] Melania and myself , thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening , President Sergio Mattarella . [URL] 
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell . They were VERY nice to her . She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm ! 
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid , but they dont want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border . Figure that one out ! 
In a letter to her House colleagues , Nancy Pelosi said : President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see . This is not true . I was purposely very polite and calm , much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden . Can be easily proven . It is all such a lie ! 
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted , for political purposes , into my campaign for president . It took place very early on , and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a hot Fake News story . If true - all time biggest political scandal ! 
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign . Large dollars were paid to the Spy , far beyond normal . Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U . S . history . SPYGATE - a terrible thing ! 
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice , and when it then became a big hit , helping NBCs failed lineup greatly , [HANDLE] came up to me at an Upfront profusely thanked me , even calling me Sir . How times have changed ! 
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama , but now that I am involved , he is OK with it . Tell that to Israel , Chuck ! 
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more . Will be there soon . 
Why doesn ' t phony [HANDLE] tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn ' t like paying
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday , Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy , have reverberated all over the World . They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is , and how well it is doing . 2020 is a big , and very important , Election . We will WIN ! 
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners . They get 150 billion , 7 most wanted and many off watch list . This will create great incentive for others ! 
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress , and elsewhere ! [URL] [URL] 
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare , Tax Cuts , Security . Obstruction doesn ' t work ! 
Without more Republicans in Congress , we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally , after many years of depletion , take care of our Military . Sadly , we needed some Dem votes for passage . Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election ! 
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there ' s never been anything like your lies . 
After Crooked [HANDLE] allowed ISIS to rise , she now claims she ' ll defeat them ? LAUGHABLE ! Here ' s my plan : [URL] 
As a candidate , I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country . Now , we are just days away ... [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
It is mostly anonymous sources in here , why should anyone trust you ? General Mattis , General Kelly said its not true . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms . He was caught cold , even by NBC . 
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race , Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election ! 
 [HANDLE] : I ' m one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can ' t wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain ! Never forget you have support ! 
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill . ObamaCare is badly broken , big premiums . Who knows ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Also , all the things RubioCruz were using for hits , just petty . Trump , clearly the only one wall the skills . 
Spoke with French President [HANDLE] this morning . Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where [HANDLE] Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration ! 
The reality is , with the Tariffs , the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China . Peter Morici , Former Chief Economist , USITC
We can all agree that AMERICA is now [HASHTAG] . We are the ENVY of the WORLD and the best is yet to come ! [URL] 
of position ." Then , separately she stated , " He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of -- 
Great news today : My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk . Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America ! [URL] 
Will be in Phoenix , Arizona on Wednesday . Changing venue to much larger one . Demand is unreal . Polls looking great ! [HASHTAG] 
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Partys California Gubernatorial Candidate , John Cox . He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes Crime . He will Make California Great Again make you proud of your Great State again . Total Endorsement ! 
People in our country want borders , and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win . It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS ! 
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers . People are starting to see what is being done . Results are speaking loudly . North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way ! 
Great news from [HANDLE] ! They are investing nearly 1 BILLION in Flat Rock , Michigan for auto production on top of a 1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago . Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is ! 
 . [HANDLE] of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE ( fraud ?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when , in fact , he knew the arena was packed ( as shown also on T . V .). FAKE NEWS , he should be fired . 
Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer ( Lisa Page ) admits being told to go easy on Clinton . Very unfair ! [HANDLE] 
Nick Adams , " Retaking America " " Best things of this presidency aren ' t reported about . Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever . 
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U . S ., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U . S . Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7 in 2017 . The U . S . is where the Action is ! 
Mitt Romney , who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics , is now pushing me on tax returns . Dope ! 
ALABAMA , get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down ! [HASHTAG] 
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didnt want to say . Tiger wouldnt play the game - he is very smart . More importantly , he is playing great golf again ! 
Just watched [HANDLE] and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd , and the entire show , is against me . The good news-the people get it ! 
I ask every member of the Maduro regime : End this nightmare of poverty , hunger and death . LET YOUR PEOPLE GO . Set your country free ! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together , as one united people . Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela ! 
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just wont let them do their job . The killings are at a record pace and tough police work , which Chicago will not allow , would bring things back to order fast ... the killings must stop ! 
Great Tax Cut rollout today . The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill , but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America ! 
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election . The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade , and everyone knows that , including China ! 
Im draining the Swamp , and the Swamp is trying to fight back . Dont worry , we will win ! 
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening ! Together , we are going to MAKE AM [URL] 
Just signed one of the most important , and largest , Trade Deals in U . S . and World History . The United States , Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document . The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone . The USMCA will be fantastic for all ! 
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters . That is how I got to 46 . When others drop out , I will pick up more . Sad but true
Bill DeBlasio , the high taxing Mayor of NYC , just stole my campaign slogan : PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT ! Thats not at all nice . No imagination ! [HANDLE] 
The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia , that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe ( Fake News ) that something much more dramatic would happen . Why did people fall for this ? [HANDLE] Molly H
People forget , it was Club for Growth that asked me for 1 million . I said no they went negative . Extortion ! [URL] 
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company , with some of the best real estate assets in the World . Amazing ! 
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans ( and me ) should be given Equal Time on T . V . when you look at the one-sided coverage ? 
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person . It is called the politics of destruction . Behind the scene the Dems are laughing . Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family ! 
It was an honor to stop by a [HASHTAG] event hosted by [HANDLE] Pence and [HANDLE] Secretary [HANDLE] at the [URL] 
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said , after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos , you got to ask , what was the purpose of the Special Counsel ? Theres no there there . Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought ! 
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court . He is a good and brilliant man , respected by all . 
Thank you to our U . S . Navy for protecting our country , both in times of peace war . Together , WE WILL MAKE AMERICA [URL] 
Thank you Adam Levine , The Federalist , in interview on [HANDLE] Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen . 
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida ( Mar-a-Lago ). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - 5 . 5 trillion gain since E . Many companies coming back to the U . S . Military building up and getting very strong . 
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on [HANDLE] that we very badly NEED THE WALL . Must also end loophole of catch release and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety Security reasons . 
The failing [HANDLE] National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Don ' t let up , keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER ! We are doing well but there is much time left . GO FLORIDA ! 
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the [HANDLE] as we renew the historic partnership betwe [URL] 
We commend SG [HANDLE] his call for the UN to focus more on people less on bureaucracy . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world . Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA ? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long ! 
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring . Britain , a longtime U . S . ally , is very special ! 
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines , it makes me wonder , WHY ? All I want to do is [HASHTAG] ! 
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel ! I liked Don , but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions . So much Fake Reporting and Fake News ! 
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two [HANDLE] officers have been shot . My thoughts and prayers are with them . 
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American . When will our so-called " leaders " ever learn ! 
Lightweight [HANDLE] said tonight he didn ' t know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie ! [HASHTAG] 
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him . His testimony was powerful , honest , and riveting . Democrats search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay , obstruct , and resist . The Senate must vote ! 
Join me LIVE in Moon Township , Pennsylvania at 7 : 00pmE . Great crowd for a [HASHTAG] rally ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship . Fantastic playing , great heart - there will be more in Garys future ! 
For reasons only they can explain , the [HANDLE] wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better . 
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell , [HANDLE] and Secretary of Defense , General James Mattis . [URL] 
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion , who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier , even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff . John Solomon of [HANDLE] 
We will repeal replace [HASHTAG] , which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases . It is a disaster ! [URL] 
We are bringing back our factories , we are bringing back our jobs , and we are bringing back those four beautiful words : MADE IN THE USA ! [URL] 
Why doesn ' t the media want to report that on the two " Big Thursdays " when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican ' s won ratings
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP . [HASHTAG] with SNAP work requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work . Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements ! 
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory . The write-in votes played a very big factor , but a win is a win . The people of Alabama are great , and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time . It never ends ! 
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson , a great Christian , family man and wonderful human being . He is suffering greatly . This innocent man of faith should be released immediately ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] politicians don ' t count . It ' s the people . We are behind trump all the way to White House . 
 . [HANDLE] is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone ! 
Republicans must start the Tax ReformTax Cut legislation ASAP . Don ' t wait until the end of September . Needed now more than ever . Hurry ! 
The era of division is coming to an end . We will create a new future of [HASHTAG] . First , we need to [URL] 
I met Marine Sgt . John Peck , a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant , at Walter Reed in 2017 . Today , it was my honor to welcome John ( HERO ) to the Oval , with his wonderful wife Jessica . He also wrote a book that I highly recommend , Rebuilding Sergeant Peck . [URL] 
The Mayor of Tijuana , Mexico , just stated that the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants , the backlog could last 6 months . Likewise , the U . S . is ill-prepared for this invasion , and will not stand for it . They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico . Go home ! 
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military , then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D . C . Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well , and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor ! 
Defying voters , the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers . Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled , and neither am I ! 
FEMA and first responders are working hard ( yet again ) on Hurricane Nate . Military helping . Very much under control ! 
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election . Unlike others , they pay little or no taxes to state local governments , use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy ( causing tremendous loss to the U . S .), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business ! 
Watch this clip from earlier this year . Time time again I have been right about terrorism . Its time to get tough ! [URL] 
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding ! Nothing but a total hit job which should never have been allowed to start in the first place ! 
It was my great honor to join proud , hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight . I love you - thank you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U . S . A ., Mexico and Canada . I worked hard on this , along with a Great Team of talented people . We never fail , and it will be a great World Cup ! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice . 
The only reason irrelevant [HANDLE] doesn ' t like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times . Very few listeners - sad ! 
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President . I hope Republican Voters , and others , are watching , and studying , the Democrats Playbook . 
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan President Moon of South Korea . 
Will be leaving Florida for Washington ( D . C .) today at 4 : 00 P . M . Much work to be done , but it will be a great New Year ! 
 [HANDLE] : DonaldTrump , wish I could attend one of your rallies , none are close enough . Make America Great Again for my Kids . Thank you
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed , with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups . 
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania ! Im proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas Bernadette Bernie Comfort will now be working together to run the [HANDLE] . Lawrence will be Chairman Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign . We must have , do , great UNITY in PA ! 
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8 , but everyone will be trying .... with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security . The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer ! 
72 of refugees admitted into U . S . ( 23 -211 ) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries : SYRIA , IRAQ , SOMALIA , IRAN , SUDAN , LIBYA YEMEN
 [HANDLE] : Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April ! This is all yet another hoax . [URL] Terrible
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam , thank you President Tran Dai Quang ! Heading to the [HASHTAG] 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now . [URL] 
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than 3000 , while at the same time making the cars substantially safer . Engines would run smoother . Very little impact on the environment ! Foolish executives ! 
 . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] - as per the show , an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone . 
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page , his lover . Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean . What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward . Want them ! 
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy ? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment ? The U . S . is paying for Europes protection , then loses billions on Trade . Must pay 2 of GDP IMMEDIATELY , not by 2025 . 
Fantastic [HASHTAG] West Virginia , thank you . Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year . Today , people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays , joyful festivals , and family gatherings ... [URL] 
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so , while nothing is easy , if they want to solve the North Korean problem , they will
I will once again write a 1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal ! [URL] 
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China . Deal is moving along very well . If made , it will be very comprehensive , covering all subjects , areas and points of dispute . Big progress being made ! 
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS : 93 APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING ( Thank you !). 50 say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME ( funny !). 79 say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump ( starting to happen ). 
 [HANDLE] : A lot more water after this bombshell , Rubio . You are an enemy of America . [HANDLE] [URL] 
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington ? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N . Korea etc ? 
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out , with such precision , that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term Mission Accomplished . I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term , it should be brought back . Use often ! 
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton . In a race with her , voter turnout will be the highest in U . S . history-I get most new voters ! 
It is amazing how often I am right , only to be criticized by the media . Illegal immigration , take the oil , build the wall , Muslims , NATO ! 
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up . The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country , our Flag and our National Anthem . Weak and out of control ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HASHTAG] If you want a job next January [HANDLE] today . [HANDLE] will work for the people . 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston [HANDLE] to the [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Fake [HANDLE] made up a story that I wanted a " tenfold " increase in our U . S . nuclear arsenal . Pure fiction , made up to demean . NBC CNN ! 
 [HANDLE] : Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally [HASHTAG] STRONG [URL] So true , and remember the M . I . A .' s ! 
As ONE UNITED NATION , we will work , we will pray , and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Henry McMaster , Lt . Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me , beat failed [HANDLE] announcer Bakari Sellers , so badly . Funny ! 
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally . Fantastic people ! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean , not bad ! 
I call my own shots , largely based on an accumulation of data , and everyone knows it . Some FAKE NEWS media , in order to marginalize , lies ! 
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt , one that has shattered so many innocent lives , ever end-or will it just go on forever ? After wasting more than 40 , 000 , 000 ( is that possible ?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia . So Ridiculous ! 
Our Country is doing GREAT . Best financial numbers on the Planet . Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN ! 
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P . M ., The White House , with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus . Honoring America ! NFL , no escaping to Locker Rooms ! 
Thank you West Virginia . Let ' s keep it going . Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big . [HASHTAG] 
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is , not restricted . The World does not want to see , or need , higher oil prices ! 
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go ! 
This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller . Chris Wallace [HANDLE] 
In the East , it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record . Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country , but not other countries , was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against . Bundle up ! 
Thank you Foxconn , for investing 10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin ! MadeInTheUSA [URL] 
A fantastic evening in Girardeau , Missouri . Josh [HANDLE] will be a tireless champion for YOU . He is great on jobs , great on tax cuts , and tough on crime . He shares your values , and he will always support our Military , Vets and Police ! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh !! [URL] 
I will be making a speech at 12 : 00 in Fort Worth , Texas . Really big crowd expected . Will be talking about the debate last night-plus , plus ! 
Ive had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty , then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty , and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report ... and never forget the Fake News Media . It never ends ! 
There are no buyers for the worthless [HANDLE] but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking . It is bleeding red ink - a total loser ! 
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves ? Think about it and let me know ! 
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton the Democrats , Nadler , Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY . 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them . They wont get ANYTHING done for our Country ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary . Despite a rigged delegate system , I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him . 
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women ' s issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women ! 
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding . Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped . Dems should call me to fix ! 
Much can be done with the 1 . 6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall . It is just a down payment . Work will start immediately . The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA , the Democrats abandoned you ( but we will not )! 
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again . I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase . MERRY CHRISTMAS !!!!! 
 [HASHTAG] premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again . Crooked H will only make it worse . We will repeal replace ! [URL] 
I have asked Secretary of State [HANDLE] to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers . South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know , that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district , and of Baltimore itself . Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts . Shame ! 
Today , it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the [HANDLE] with State and local leaders , law enforcement officers , and education officials . There is nothing more important than protecting our children . They deserve to be safe , and we will deliver ! [URL] 
Crazy Maureen Dowd , the wacky columnist for the failing [HANDLE] , pretends she knows me well -- wrong ! 
Where are the 50 , 000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok ? Blaming Samsung ! 
West Virginia was incredible last night . Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond , GDP at 3 , wow ! Dem Governor became a Republican last night . 
Melania and I are honored to light up the [HANDLE] this evening , for [HASHTAG] . Join us [HASHTAG] . [URL] 
Getting ready to leave for Poland , after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20 . Will be back on Saturday . 
Happy birthday to the great [HANDLE] . You and your beautiful song have made such a difference . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Really great numbers on jobs the economy ! Things are starting to kick in now , and we have just begun ! Don ' t like steel aluminum dumping ! 
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa , I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz Rubio . Came in a strong second . Great honor
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela . Should be landing in D . C . this evening and be in the White House , with his family , at about 7 : 00 P . M . The great people of Utah will be very happy ! 
Today on Long Island , we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13 . I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union ... [URL] 
Wonderful coordination between Federal , State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK ! Record setting rainfall . 
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen , who sadly will not be testifying before Congress , is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee , how did that happen ? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI wasnt sworn in , no tape , nothing ? 
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site . This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress ! Look forward to our Summit . 
Theres not one shred of evidence that this presidents done anything Constitutionally ( or anything else ) wrong . Graham Ledger . Thank you Graham , so true ! 
Six months after our TAX CUTS , more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses , pay raises , and retirement account contributions . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I am happy to hear how badly the [HANDLE] is doing . It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down . Becoming irrelevant ! 
Well , that is it . Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after ! Now let us all see how " THE MOVEMENT " does in Oregon tonight ! 
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media . They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out . 
So proud of our great Military which will soon be , after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars , the finest that our Country has ever had . There wont be anything , or anyone , even close ! 
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State . We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities ... [URL] 
Spoke to Virginia Governor [HANDLE] last night , and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning , to offer condolences to that great community . The Federal Government is there , and will be , for whatever they may need . God bless the families and all ! 
 [HANDLE] : DonaldTrump is a leader . He is a successful person that , like me , isnt afraid to tell it like it is ." Governor [HANDLE] 
There is No Collusion ! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt , headed now by 17 ( increased from 13 , including an Obama White House lawyer ) Angry Democrats , was started by a fraudulent Dossier , paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC . Therefore , the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam ! 
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent , the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public . But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started . It is all a big Hoax , the biggest in American history ! 
Wow , NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison . Viewership declined 13 , the lowest in over a decade . If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem , and it is all shown on broadcast , maybe ratings could come back ? Otherwise worse ! 
Thank you for your support . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt , my poll numbers , especially because of our historically great economy , would be at 65 . Too bad ! The greatest Hoax in American History . 
Because the ban was lifted by a judge , many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country . A terrible decision
Thank you ! Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents . Trump 47 Clinton 43 [URL] 
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines , Iowa with Vice President-Elect [HANDLE] - at 7 : 00pm ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] - You are a true journalistic professional . I so agree with what you say . Keep up the great work ! [HASHTAG] 
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming : Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor ! Strong on Crime , Borders 2nd Amendment . Loves our Military our Vets . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G . Q . model photo post of Melania . That ' s why we call him Lyin ' Ted ! 
Isn ' t it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else , me , still must fight
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800 , 000 great people are not getting paid . Also , could somebody please explain to Nancy her big donors in wine country that people working on farms ( grapes ) will have easy access in ! 
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security ( and the Wall ) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States . They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border , and they had the courage to ACT . Great job ! 
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn ' t want to run against me . He would be so easy to beat ! 
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector Generals Report . He should be ashamed of himself ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] They ' re too lame to get it , Sir . When you win the election they ' ll get it . 
Many reports that I will be attending the AlvarezKhan fight this weekend in Vegas . Totally untrue ! Unfortunately I have other plans . 
We save a fortune by not doing war games , as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are ! 
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500 increase in Syrian refugees . We cant allow this . Time to get smart and protect America ! 
With over a 50 Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency , analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks ( very ) promising ! [HANDLE] Hey , we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 12 years , WHY NOT ? 
THANK YOU Fayetteville , North Carolina ! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in [HASHTAG] and Greg Murphy in [HASHTAG] !! [URL] 
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them . They have just suspended U . S . Tariff Hikes . U . S . is doing very well . China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal . It could happen , and rather soon ! 
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs . Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country ( and MANY other great things )! I look forward to facing whoever it may be . May God Rest Their Soul ! 
Todays Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country ! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH . Congratulations USA ! 
 . [HANDLE] Dems are taking forever to approve my people , including Ambassadors . They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS ! Want approvals . 
Just landed from Paris , France . It was an incredible visit with President [HANDLE] . A lot discussed and accomplished in two days ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you ! Don ' t listen to these people who want you to change ! 
Tariffs have put the U . S . in a very strong bargaining position , with Billions of Dollars , and Jobs , flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable . If countries will not make fair deals with us , they will be Tariffed ! 
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME . We will ALL succeed grow TOGETHER as one team , one people , one American family . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The latest Polls find 51 of Americans approve of President Trumps Job Performance . Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trumps approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history ! [HANDLE] 
Couldnt let these great people down . They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania ! [URL] 
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia . As I have been saying all along , it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies . There should never have been a Special Councel appointed . Witch Hunt ! 
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport ( which I do not own and have nothing to do with ) near Turnberry Resort ( which I do own ) in Scotland , and filling up with fuel , with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry ( they have good taste !). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
Welcome to the [HANDLE] , Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait ! Joint press conference coming up soon : [URL] [URL] 
The just out USA Today National Poll , where I lead by big numbers , shows that in a head to head matchup , I beat both Hillary and Bernie . 
Big Rally tonight in Greenville , North Carolina . Lots of great things to tell you about , including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been . Best Employment Stock Market Numbers EVER . Ill talk also about people who love , and hate , our Country ( mostly love )! 7 : PM
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade . Will continue today ! I will be leaving for Hanoi , Vietnam , early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea , where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore . Denuclearization ? 
Very concerned about Comeys firing , afraid they will be exposed , said Bruce Ohr . DOJs Emails Notes show Bruce Ohrs connection to ( phony discredited ) Trump Dossier . A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act . Rigged Witch Hunt ! 
Today , it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the [HASHTAG] to the WH . Remarks : [URL] [URL] [URL] 
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop , who is running for Congress . His opponent wants Open Borders , Sanctuary Cities , and Socialism . He likes the Squad more than North Carolina . Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement ! 
The three very weak and untalented late night hosts are fighting over table scraps . Carson did a great job , it wasnt political . I dont know what theyre going to do in 2024 when hes no longer President ? Will be wacky in the unemployment line . Michael Loftus [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president ! [HASHTAG] " Thank you ! 
BUILD A WALL CRIME WILL FALL ! This is the new theme , for two years until the Wall is finished ( under construction now ), of the Republican Party . Use it and pray ! 
What were seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Should never have been started , a disgrace ! 
Does anybody really believe that a reporter , who nobody ever heard of , " went to his mailbox " and found my tax returns ? [HANDLE] FAKE NEWS ! 
 . [HANDLE] is bad at math . The good news is , nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore , especially me ! 
Since Congress can ' t get its act together on HealthCare , I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Because Jobs in the U . S . are doing so well , Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973 . Great ! 
The Economy is doing GREAT , with tremendous upside potential ! If the Fed would do what they should , we are a Rocket upward ! 
Our Federal Reserve cannot mentally keep up with the competition - other countries . At the G-7 in France , all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone . Germany is actually getting paid to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS ! No Clue Fed ! 
Crooked ' s State Dept gave special attention to " Friends of Bill " after the Haiti Earthquake . Unbelievable ! [URL] 
The failing [HANDLE] Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board . Seldom has a paper been so wrong . Totally biased ! 
Too bad the Dems in Congress wont do anything at all about Border Security . They want Open Borders , which means crime . But we are getting it done , including building the Wall ! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good , the best in history . 
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the Squad . No , they brought racist attacks against our Nation . All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said . The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad ! 
 . [HANDLE] won big last night in Minnesota . A big star in Hockey , he will be an even bigger star in politics . It all begins with a win in November . Pete has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
Today , we honor all of our Countrys Purple Heart recipients , their loved ones , and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice . These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U . S . Armed Forces : [URL] [URL] 
We ' ve all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme . Wikileaks may have found the answer . Obama ! [URL] 
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament . Amazing finish ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump ." That would indeed be nice ! 
So funny , the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning . Now he Rs counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material , including Servers and Emails ! 
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine , who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for . Philly fight ? 
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn ' t see how she got rich- selling out America . [URL] 
Election is being rigged by the media , in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign , by putting stories that never happened into news ! 
 . [HANDLE] is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser . I won the two big states , great ! 
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged . Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that havent been lost in decades . 13 Angry Democrats , and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years . [HASHTAG] CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ! 
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B ' s new book . Crooked Hillary bought the DNC then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie ! 
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900 wins , many championships and a gold medal will be introducing [URL] 
my presidency . Isn ' t this a ridiculous shame ? He loves these kids , has raised millions of dollars for them , and now must stop . Wrong answer ! 
In Crooked Hillary ' s telepromter speech yesterday , she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact . Not honest ! 
Crime in Germany is up 10 plus ( officials do not want to report these crimes ) since migrants were accepted . Others countries are even worse . Be smart America ! 
Hillary Clinton said that it is O . K . to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL , but not O . K . to do so in the U . S . We must be vigilant ! 
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure , and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio . A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site , where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] self-funded and media loves him . Not beholden to masters like [HANDLE] . Who owns Ted ? 
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks , dont Obstruct and Resist , but rather do it the good ol fashioned way , WIN ELECTIONS ! 
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign . Big advantage in Electoral College lost ! 
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by 52 Billion and , of course , the historically low unemployment numbers , especially for African Americans , Hispanics , Asians and Women . 
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion , No Obstruction Trump Campaign began . We need to know for future generations to understand . This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again ! 
One of the best produced , including the incredible stage set , in the history of conventions . Great unity ! Big T . V . ratings ! [HANDLE] 
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N . Y . Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The women played great today at the [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round ! [URL] 
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA ( something the Obama Administration was unable to do ). If they can ' t , I will revisit this issue ! 
Pastor Andrew Brunson , released by Turkey , will be with me in the Oval Office at 2 : 30 P . M . ( this afternoon ). It will be wonderful to see and meet him . He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience . I would like to thank President [HANDLE] for his help ! 
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem , but the Corrupt Media will save him . His other problem is that he is drawing flies , not people , to his Rallies . Nobody is showing up , I mean nobody . You cant win without people ! 
Why was the FBIs sick loser , Peter Strzok , working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry Conflicted Democrats , when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover , lawyer Lisa Page , that well stop Trump from becoming President ? Witch Hunt ! 
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all . We will [HASHTAG] . Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget ! [URL] 
Report out that Obama Campaign paid 972 , 000 to Fusion GPS . The firm also got 12 , 400 , 000 ( really ?) from DNC . Nobody knows who OK ' d ! 
Weather looking good , clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast . See you in 45 minutes , 6 : 30 to 7 : 00 P . M . at Lincoln Memorial ! 
Just got back from Tampa . It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people ! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow . 
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates , overtaxes and doesn ' t care about jobs . Most importantly , she suffers from plain old bad judgement ! 
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen . Truth is , he had no facts on his side . Nothing he could do ! 
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates . Look at the mess the U . S . is in . Always speaks badly of his many bosses , including Obama . 
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech , even though he hasnt seen it yet . Hes just upset that he didnt win the Senate , after spending a fortune , like he thought he would . Too bad we werent given more credit for the Senate win by the media ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots . [HANDLE] WILL be our next President . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
How can Hillary run the economy when she can ' t even send emails without putting entire nation at risk ? 
Im taking this book with a grain of salt everyone should do the same . Multiple sources , but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward . You cannot take this book too seriously . Katelyn Caralle , Washington Examiner
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected . In particular , African Americans will not be able to vote for you . I , on the other hand , was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform , which had tremendous support , helped fix the bad 1994 Bill ! 
Join me tomorrow night at 7 : 00pm MDT in Billings , Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY ! Get your tickets here : [URL] 
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs Sheriffs for your leadership service . You have a true friend in the [URL] 
If Senate Republicans don ' t get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51 majority , few bills will be passed . 8 Dems control the Senate ! 
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan , Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders . He worked for me for a very short time . Why didnt government tell me that he was under investigation . These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax ! 
Tonight , [HANDLE] Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the [HANDLE] and wish them all a very [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea . President XI told me he appreciates that the U . S . is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative . China continues to be helpful ! 
Wow , such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh . Look at the Energy , look at the Polls . Something very big is happening . He is a fine man and great intellect . The country is with him all the way ! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book " The Art of the Deal " for your donation of 184 or more . Get YOURS today ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs . Nechama Rivlin . Mrs . Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature . We will miss her along with all those who knew her . 
Great interview by [HANDLE] with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign . SPYGATE at the highest level . Who would believe ? 
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent , Fake , or Corrupt ! When the Age of Trump is looked back on many years from now , I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News ! 
With the [HASHTAG] Law I signed today , patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions . These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise ... [URL] 
I just released my financial disclosure forms , the largest numbers in the history of the F . E . C . Even the dishonest media thinks great ! 
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man , with an impeccable reputation , who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who dont want to know the answers , they just want to destroy and delay . Facts dont matter . I go through this with them every single day in D . C . 
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence . It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign , because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked , that they turned against it . Desperately needed ! 
Leaking , and even illegal classified leaking , has been a big problem in Washington for years . Failing [HANDLE] ( and others ) must apologize ! 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] awesome job on [HANDLE] . DonaldTrump has integrity he refuses 2 play the game call " Delegate Bribery
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it ! [HASHTAG] Read more : [URL] [URL] 
The Chinese Envoy , who just returned from North Korea , seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man . Hard to believe his people , and the military , put up with living in such horrible conditions . Russia and China condemned the launch . 
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres . Obama . We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP , and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations , Japan , who has hit us hard on trade for years ! 
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown , while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border . I am in the White House waiting for you ! 
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater , at least in certain locations , than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard ! 
I know the " Governors " and Jeb Bush , who has gone nasty with lies , is by far the weakest of the lot . His family used private eminent domain ! 
Our great First Lady ( [HANDLE] ) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1 : 00 PM PT with the terrific [HANDLE] at the [HANDLE] Resort . Shes on her [HASHTAG] Tour , helping address the [HASHTAG] . Free admission for the first 1 , 500 people ! 
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA , First Responders and Law Enforcement . Maximum effort is taking place , everyone is working very hard . Worst hit in 50 years ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] she ' s a criminal and you ' re the only person that can stop her . 
Failing [HANDLE] will always take a good story about me and make it bad . Every article is unfair and biased . Very sad ! 
Wow , the highest rated ( by far ) morning show , [HANDLE] , is on the Front Lawn of the White House . Maybe Ill have to take an unannounced trip down to see them ? 
For eight years Russia " ran over " President Obama , got stronger and stronger , picked-off Crimea and added missiles . Weak ! [HANDLE] 
I think that both candidates , Crooked Hillary and myself , should release detailed medical records . I have no problem in doing so ! Hillary ? 
Thank you Novi , Michigan ! Get out and VOTE [HASHTAG] on 118 . Together , WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat ' l Rx Drug Take Back Day . A record amount of drugs collected disposed . We can do this ! 
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare ( skyrocketing premiums deductibles , bad healthcare ), this is finally your chance for a great plan ! 
 . [HANDLE] is a failed Jeb Bushy . Never says anything good never will , even after I beat Hillary . Shouldn ' t be on the air ! 
Jeff Flake , with an 18 approval rating in Arizona , said " a lot of my colleagues have spoken out ." Really , they just gave me a standing O ! 
Chris Cuomo , in his interview with Sen . Blumenthal , never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave " service " in Vietnam . FAKE NEWS ! 
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent [HASHTAG] parade . Congratulations President [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
So much Fake News . Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate . But through it all , our country is doing great ! 
Again , the story that there was collusion between the Russians Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election . 
 . [HANDLE] is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN , but outside of the U . S ., CNN International is still a major source of ( Fake ) news , and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly . The outside world does not see the truth from them ! 
In 1960 , there were approximately 20 , 000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations . Today there are over 185 , 000 pages , as seen in the Roosevelt Room . Today , we CUT THE RED TAPE ! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state , Arizona . I look forward to working with him ! 
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you . Thanks ! [URL] 
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now . I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix . Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works . They are just using children ! 
 . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue , w thousands of people outside , on their way in . Real photos now shown as I spoke . Packed house , many people unable to get in . Demand apology retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night . Wow , 69-30 , those are big numbers . Now go win against the open border , crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you . She is weak on Vets , the Military and the 2nd Amendment . Win ! 
Americas police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation . In moments of danger despair you are the reason we never lose hope because there are men women in uniform who face down evil stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance , its worth great prestige and big dollars , even board seats , and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan . It certainly isnt because of the good job he did ! He is a political hack . 
Never seen [HANDLE] and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis Security on our Southern Border . If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country , Crime will go down by record numbers ! 
Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U . S . We will now begin cutting off , or substantially reducing , the massive foreign aid routinely given to them . 
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio . Check out his credit card scam , his house sale his no show voting ! 
If they dont get this Trade Deal with the U . S . done , China could have it first recession ( or worse !) in years . Theres disinvestment in China right now . Also , the Fed is too tight ( I agree ). Steve Moore , Heritage Foundation
True ! Without being stuck at an airport , where CNN buys ( at a big price ) an uninterested audience , theyve got nothing going . [HANDLE] is BAD for America ! [URL] 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
We are now at 1001 delegates . We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged ! 
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated , I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo . This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on super late term abortion . Unforgivable ! 
I am watching two clown announcers on [HANDLE] as they try to build up failed presidential candidate [HASHTAG] . Fox News is in the bag ! 
In speaking with some of the worlds top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business ( jobs ) even better in the U . S . Stop quarterly reporting go to a six month system , said one . That would allow greater flexibility save money . I have asked the SEC to study ! 
Bad ratings [HANDLE] [HANDLE] got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall . They probably knew it was Fake News but , because it was a rally against me , they pushed it hard anyway . Two really dishonest newscasters , but the public is wise ! 
The Democrats will never be satisfied , no matter what they get , how much they get , or how many pages they get . It will never end , but thats the way life goes ! 
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way , at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts they will get relief . This is our Joseph McCarthy Era ! 
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren , sometimes referred to as Pocahontas , as her V . P . Then we can litigate her fraud ! 
Thank you Kenansville , North Carolina ! Remember- on November 8th , that special interest gravy train is coming to a [URL] 
Congrats to [HANDLE] for investing 1 BILLION in America ' s most INNOVATIVE steel mill . 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperoussecure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK . Tariffs are working . Pittsburgh is again The Steel City . USA Economy is BOOMING ! [URL] 
My friend Herman Cain , a truly wonderful man , has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board . I will respect his wishes . Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country ! 
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core ! In other words , education of your children from D . C . No way
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to " leak " into the public . One last shot at me . Are we living in Nazi Germany ? 
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say , THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS ! We must now work together , after decades of abuse , to finally fix the Humanitarian , Criminal Drug Crisis at our Border . WE WILL WIN BIG ! 
Now that Bush has wasted 120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign , he says he would end super PACs . Sad ! 
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy , a total waste of time . I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up , are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier ? Nancy said , NO . I said bye-bye , nothing else works ! 
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela , and we want it to happen very , very soon ! [URL] 
The Failing and Corrupt [HANDLE] estimated the crowd last night at 1000 people , when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin . This is the way they demean and disparage . They are very dishonest people who dont get me , and never did ! 
 . [HANDLE] of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda . He is Strong on Crime , the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment . Danny Loves our Military and our Vets . He has my total and complete Endorsement ! 
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally . We need to elect [HANDLE] to the U . S . Senate , and we need the strong leadership of [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] in the U . S . House ! 
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE , the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth ! Sorry , we cant let that happen ! Also , change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security ! 
Today , it was my honor to sign [HASHTAG] , the " Economic Growth , Regulatory Relief , and Consumer Protection Act . Read more : [URL] [URL] 
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets . He is Strong on Crime , the Border , and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California . Paul has my total and complete Endorsement ! 
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do . Better control management . Great for Arizona . McCain let his best friend L . G . down ! 
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had , including Never Trump , all farmers sm . biz , by saying shell tax estates at 65 . 
Just Out : Kavanaugh accuser doesnt recall incident . [HANDLE] DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY . They are looking to destroy , and influence his opinions - but played the game badly . They should be sued ! 
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto . 
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border , something which cannot do the job , the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall . We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls ! 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC . [URL] 
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race , FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement ! 
Facebook , Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous ! Twitter , in fact , has made it much more difficult for people to join [HANDLE] . They have removed many names greatly slowed the level and speed of increase . They have acknowledged-done NOTHING ! 
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night . Join us now for a [HASHTAG] , LIVE : [URL] 
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft . You will be a great player for years to come , maybe one of the best . Big Talent ! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly , always stay true to yourself . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
I am the only one who can fix this . Very sad . Will not happen under my watch ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : I changed parties to vote for you , no one else measures up to you , The GOPe needs a reality check . Our country is at stake
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico . Completed on January 30 , 2019 47 days ahead of schedule ! Many miles more now under construction ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
CHIP should be part of a long term solution , not a 30 Day , or short term , extension ! 
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don ' t have foreign policy experience , yet look what her policies have done
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers , made to look like news . Thats because we are beating them on Trade , opening markets , and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over ! [URL] 
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown , Ohio this evening . A grateful nation salutes you ! [URL] 
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail , they are left wthis one tired argument ! [URL] 
Rep . Lou Barletta , a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters , will make a FANTASTIC Senator . He is strong smart , loves Pennsylvania loves our Country ! Voted for Tax Cuts , unlike Bob Casey , who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer ! 
Starting Monday , our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada . They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product . Please be sure that you are treated fairly . Any complaints should immediately go to [HANDLE] Perdue ! 
NORTH CAROLINA Vote for Dan Bishop in [HASHTAG] and Greg Murphy in [HASHTAG] TOMORROW . Make it a great day for Republicans ! 
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
 . [HANDLE] - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments !? [HASHTAG] 
Our country does not feel ' great already ' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty , violence and despair . 
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people , but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses . Too bad ! 
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr , head of Senate Intelligence , said , after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents , WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA . The Witch Hunt , so bad for our Country , must end ! 
If the E . U . wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U . S . companies doing business there , we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U . S . They make it impossible for our cars ( and more ) to sell there . Big trade imbalance ! 
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo , because that would not be politically correct . Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter ! 
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obamas ... [URL] 
Good day in the Stock Market . People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things ! 
Sad case- [HANDLE] did article saying I don ' t pay bills- false , only don ' t pay when work is shoddy , bad , or not done ! They should do same ! 
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer . From this moment on , its going to be [HASHTAG] 
Today , [HANDLE] hosted a Military Mother ' s Day Event in the East Room of the WH . It was an honor to stop by , say hel [URL] 
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives . We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results , but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U . S . trade wins ! 
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years ! Thank you Mr . President ! [HANDLE] 
Mitch McConnell just told a group of people , and me , that he has been in the U . S . Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best most productive of his career . Tax Regulation Cuts , VA Choice , Farm Bill , Criminal Justice Reform , Judgeships much more . Great ! 
EARLY VOTING : MN IA already underway , more states coming up in the next week : OH , ME , AZ , IN check wlocal officials for details VOTE ! 
No deal was made last night on DACA . Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent . Would be subject to vote . 
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nations highest civilian honor , The Presidential Medal of Freedom , for his outstanding career , both on and off the court . Happy Birthday Jerry ! [HANDLE] [URL] 
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter , and Paul Watson banned from Facebook ! [URL] 
Yesterday , it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders , and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers , the Medal of Valor . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders . This storm is extremely dangerous . Be SAFE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy ? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment ? The U . S . is paying for Europes protection , then loses billions on Trade . Must pay 2 of GDP IMMEDIATELY , not by 2025 . 
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past . I have many ( too many !) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices , and even homes , are going to be raided with everything , including their phones and computers , taken . All lawyers are deflated and concerned ! 
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona , Spain , and will do whatever is necessary to help . Be tough strong , we love you ! 
Horrific incident in FL . Praying for all the victims their families . When will this stop ? When will we get tough , smart vigilant ? 
 [HANDLE] : The Trump movement will not be stopped . We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for [HASHTAG] . 
When Americans are free to thrive , innovate , prosper , there is no challenge too great , no task too large , no goal beyond our reach . We are a nation of explorers , pioneers , innovators inventors . We are nation of people who work hard , dream big , who never , ever give up ... [URL] 
Thank you Delaware County , Ohio ! Remember- either we WIN this election , or we are going to LOSE this country ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] : I think [HANDLE] can beat HillaryClinton . And I ' m looking forward to Trump being president . 
Why aren ' t the Democrats speaking about ISIS , bad trade deals , broken borders , police and law and order . The Republican Convention was great
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty , education and safety within the African-American Hispanic communities
 . [HANDLE] lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights . 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
There is no challenge too great , no dream outside of our reach ! Thank you Selma , North Carolina ! [HASHTAG] , watch here [URL] 
Thank you Macon , Georgia ! Get out on Tuesday , November 6th and VOTE for [HANDLE] as your next Governor to protect your jobs , defend your borders , fight for your values , and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Iger , where is my call of apology ? You and ABC have offended millions of people , and they demand a response . How is Brian Ross doing ? He tanked the market with an ABC lie , yet no apology . Double Standard ! 
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets . I am totally with you ! 
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia . This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it ! 
We will always ENFORCE our laws , PROTECT our borders , and SUPPORT our police ! [HASHTAG] Harrisburg , Pennsylvania [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
For those asking , the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate , and they need 60 . That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election ! We can then be even tougher on Crime ( and Border ), and even better to our Military Veterans ! 
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance . I will be fighting with you ! [HANDLE] 
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow , [HANDLE] is so negative . Their panel is a joke , biased and very dumb . I ' m turning to [HANDLE] where we get a fair shake ! Mike will do great
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border ? Me too ! 
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book , Sacred Duty : A Soliders Tour at Arlington National Cemetery just hit the best sellers list . I was at [HANDLE] yesterday the people there were so grateful for Toms inspiring portrait of The Old Guard . Great job [HANDLE] ! 
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky , who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent , has been a winner for his State . Strong on Crime , the Border , Tax Cuts , Military , Vets and 2nd Amendment , we need Andy in D . C . He has my Strong Endorsement ! 
 [HANDLE] : People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums . [HANDLE] " Repeal and replace ! 
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Ted Cruz didn ' t win Iowa , he stole it . That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated . Bad ! 
We must remember this truth : No matter our color , creed , religion or political party , we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST . [URL] 
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws . In less than one hour , and then a vote , the problem would be solved . But the Dems dont care about the crime , they dont want any victory for Trump and the Republicans , even if good for USA ! 
Beautiful evening in Kinston , North Carolina - thank you ! Get out and VOTE !! You can watch tonight ' s rally here : [URL] 
Slippery James Comey , a man who always ends up badly and out of whack ( he is not smart !), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history , by far ! 
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents ' Association Dinner this year . Please wish everyone well and have a great evening ! 
 [HANDLE] : I ' m at a biker rally in Perry , Kansas ... and everyone is a [HANDLE] fan . Love it . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I ' m a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary ." Great ! 
I will be in Green Bay , Wisconsin on Saturday , April 27th at the Resch Center 7 : 00pm ( CDT ). Big crowd expected ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
In just 2 days , the people of Tennessee are going to elect [HANDLE] Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs , defend your borders , and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha ! [URL] 
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states , including the smaller ones , into play . Campaigning is much different ! 
The United States is now , by far , the Biggest , Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World , it is not even close ! As others falter , we will only get stronger . Consumers are in the best shape ever , plenty of cash . Business Optimism is at an All Time High ! 
Today , we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15 , 000 Wisconsin Workers ! As Foxconn has discovered , there is no better place to build , hire and grow than right here in the United States ! [URL] 
Cant believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington , D . C . They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action . They love our Country and love our Flag . If I can help , I will ! 
Is it legal for a sitting President to be " wire tapping " a race for president prior to an election ? Turned down by court earlier . A NEW LOW ! 
The phony story in the failing [HANDLE] is a TOTAL FABRICATION . Written by same people as last discredited story on women . WATCH ! 
Why doesn ' t Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by [HANDLE] or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium ? 
Our great [HANDLE] has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller . Its called , Radicals , Resistance , and Revenge , The Lefts Plot To Remake America . It is a FANTASTIC book . Go get it ! [HANDLE] 
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was : FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt . FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD . [URL] [URL] 
Sen . Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush . 
In politics , and in life , ignorance is not a virtue ." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U . S . history ! 
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America ! This is a great plan that is a repeal replace of ObamaCare . [URL] 
We are one nation . When one state hurts , we all hurt . We must all work together - to lift each other up . [URL] 
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas Arizona papers now USA Today will lose readers ! The people get it ! 
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot . Large numbers of generators are now on Island . Food and water on site . 
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is , I used the word Liddle , not Liddle , in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle Adam Schiff . Low ratings [HANDLE] purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong . A small but never ending situation with CNN ! 
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein , who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between TrumpRussia has not been found , would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way , totally without authorization , is a disgrace . Must have tough Primary ! 
China , Iran other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and drooling over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future . They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before . With President Trump , NO WAY ! 
Biggest story today between Clapper Yates is on surveillance . Why doesn ' t the media report on this ? [HASHTAG] ! 
Crooked Hillary , who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies , has been a DISASTER on foreign policy . Look what ' s happening ! 
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention . I wonder why , then , my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H ? 
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud . Also , Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters . 
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal illegal immigrants settled .. [URL] 
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around , he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win ! 
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson , he was down in early voting 64 to 36 . That was not good . After my speech on Saturday night , there was a big turn for the better . Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting . He will win BIG in Nov . 
On 245 occasions , former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didnt know , didnt recall , or couldnt remember things when asked . Opened investigations on 4 Americans ( not 2 ) - didnt know who signed off and didnt know Christopher Steele . All lies ! 
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge , Gonzalo Curiel , who is totally biased against me . 
The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951 , 4 . 1 . Economy doing great . If the Democrats win , it is all over . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I agree ! 
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters . He is tough on Crime and Borders . Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania . His opponent is WEAK on Crime , ICE and Borders . We need Lou ! [URL] 
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal . Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built . We have done a lot of work . 5 . 6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security . Quick payback ! 
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary . Thank you ! [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !" [HANDLE] still doesn ' t get it . They will never learn ! 
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country ! In order to do this , we need to [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President , me ! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office ! 
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are immoral , why isnt she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U . S . and Mexico , even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging . Let millions of unchecked strangers just flow into the U . S . 
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including heart , without getting Dem votes . Problem is , they dont care about security and Rs do . Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill . They wont vote for anything ! 
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday . Thank you also to the FBI , [HANDLE] and all others . A very tough and sad situation ! 
Thank you for joining me in Mandan , ND Gov . [HANDLE] , Lt . Gov . [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . [URL] 
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions . It does ! A great Bill . Repeal Replace . 
 [HANDLE] : Crooked Hillary getting desperate . On TV bashing Trump . [HANDLE] , she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor . 
Just spoke to [HANDLE] about his friend AAP Rockys incarceration . I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping AAP Rocky . So many people would like to see this quickly resolved ! 
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson , and we hope to have him safely back home soon ! 
Today , it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard ! [URL] 
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina . Big progress being made on many fronts ! 
I will be interviewed on [HANDLE] by [HANDLE] tomorrow from 6 : 00 A . M . to 9 : 00 A . M . Enjoy ! 
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail . Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
It was great spending time with [HANDLE] yesterday . She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U . S . Will see her again ! 
 [HANDLE] : Well done [HASHTAG] .... great display of Southern pride and hospitality at [HANDLE] event . Fired up and ready to go !! 
NBC news is [HASHTAG] and more dishonest than even CNN . They are a disgrace to good reporting . No wonder their news ratings are way down ! 
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL . What are they trying to hide ? 
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7 , only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore . This is so ridiculous , never happened ! 
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected . January 20th , Washington D . C . Have fun ! 
The reason lyin ' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don ' t tolerate liars-a big problem ! 
I will be doing [HANDLE] [HANDLE] this morning at around 7 : 00 . Likewise , I will be doing [HANDLE] at around 7 : 00 . Figure it out ! 
Such a puff piece on Nancy Pelosi by [HANDLE] , yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation . All they do is Investigate , as it turns out , crimes that they instigated committed . The Mueller No Collusion decision wasnt even discussed-and she was a disaster at W . H . 
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party ( the media ) when our jobs were fleeing our country ? 
Ive been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year . I just dont see the evidence .... in terms of the collusion , its all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have . Jonathan Turley on [HANDLE] 
I hope our great Republican Senators dont get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security . Without strong Borders , we dont have a Country - and the voters are on board with us . Be strong and smart , dont fall into the Democrats trap of Open Borders and Crime ! 
The ABCWashington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election . I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us , out of shame , to about even . They will never learn ! 
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr , Chairman of Senate Intelligence , said today that , after an almost two year investigation , he saw no evidence of Russia collusion . We dont have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia . Thank you ! 
Don ' t believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign . The only quote that matters is a quote from me ! 
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff . Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers , a spectacular person who will always be with our [HASHTAG] agenda . I will be making a decision soon ! 
The U . S . Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113 . 7 , THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS ! Thanks Donald ! 
Today , it was my great honor to address the [HANDLE] Association and [HANDLE] Conference in Washington , D . C . We will never forget your service , and we will never , ever let you down ! We love you , and we thank God for you each and every day . [URL] 
Iran , the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis , has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate . Not good ! 
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there , Iran can have no idea what is actually going on ! 
A . P . has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over 17 million , and going up fast . No Collusion , except by the Democrats ! 
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies . If anybody taxes them , it should be their home Country , the USA . We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macrons foolishness shortly . Ive always said American wine is better than French wine ! 
It is time to rebuild OUR country , to bring back OUR jobs , to restore OUR dreams , yes , to put [HASHTAG] ! TY O [URL] 
With Irma and Harvey devastation , Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before . Go Congress , go ! 
Lightweight [HANDLE] is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC . False advertising- desperate and sad ! 
 [HANDLE] : how many of donald ' s rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east . 
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow . All are in agreement . The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state . Speak to your Governor about reducing . Economic numbers , 3 . 2 GDP for what is often worst quarter , looking good ! 
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President [HANDLE] Jae-in of South Korea today , in New York City ! [URL] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months , only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct Resist Delay . Let her testify , or not , and TAKE THE VOTE ! 
Tune in join me live in Albany , New York ! 7pmE start time ! I love you New York ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history . And he ' s never held office ! 
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem . Loves his Country and his State . Get out and VOTE for Peter ! 
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters " in violation ." They are now under investigation . Bad ! 
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez , a political prisoner husband of [HANDLE] ( just met w [HANDLE] ) o [URL] 
Today , it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 , 2018 , as Martin Luther King Jr ., Federal Holiday . I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic , community , and service activities in honor of Dr . King ' s life and legacy . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] we love you and know you will do an awesome job ! Saw you in bethpage !! " Thank you . 
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain . Our hearts and prayers are with you ! 
Getting rdy to leave for tonight ' s Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w so many of my evangelic [URL] 
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- bc I stand 100 behind everything we do . 
Today in the East Room of the [HANDLE] , it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom ... [URL] 
Today Elizabeth Warren , sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas , joined the race for President . Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate , or has she decided that after 32 years , this is not playing so well anymore ? See you on the campaign TRAIL , Liz ! 
 [HANDLE] : Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media , HillaryClinton wouldn ' t stand a chance . [HASHTAG] and [HASHTAG] her only hope . 
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One . Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war , in particular that one , which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time ? 
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump gets nothing done in Senate ? 
When I said that if , within the Orlando club , you had some people with guns , I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
 . [HANDLE] HSI agents and ERO officers , on behalf of an entire Nation , THANK YOU for what you are doing 247365 to keep fellow Americans SAFE . Everyone is so grateful ! [HASHTAG] President [HANDLE] [URL] 
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border , and the Shutdown , tomorrow afternoon at 3 P . M ., live from the [HANDLE] . 
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics , the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration . Judges , biggest Tax Regulation Cuts , V . A . Choice , Best Economy , Lowest Unemployment much more ! 
ISIS is on the run will soon be wiped out of Syria Iraq , illegal border crossings are way down ( 75 ) MS 13 gangs are being removed . 
 [HANDLE] : DonaldTrump : " The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order ." [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Governor Jerry Moonbeam Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include ( 1 ) Kidnapping and Robbery ( 2 ) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize ( 3 ) Dealing drugs . Is this really what the great people of California want ? [HANDLE] 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont , Washington . Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene . We are currently monitoring here at the White House . 
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues , all because Jeff Sessions didnt tell me he was going to recuse himself ... I would have quickly picked someone else . So much time and money wasted , so many lives ruined ... and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion ! 
With one Yes vote in hospital very positive signs from Alaska and two others ( McCain is out ), we have the HCare Vote , but not for Friday ! 
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time . All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security ( including a Wall ), something which everyone , other than drug dealers , human traffickers and criminals , want very badly ! This would be so easy to do ! 
If I didnt have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years , and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime , the Democrats , would have played it straight , I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy , winning by 20 points . But Im winning anyway ! 
Just spoke to Governor [HANDLE] of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian . I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist . Be safe everyone , we are totally with you ! 
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border , or if originating countries would not let them form ( it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U . S . No longer ). Dems created this problem . No crossings ! 
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders . I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts . 
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest . Little Marco , his State Chairman , their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote . 
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there . Bring them to justice openly and quickly ! 
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey ( just like others ). 
Thank you to everyone at [HANDLE] HQ for todays briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season . Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when its federally supported , state managed , and locally executed this is the successful model we will continue to build . [URL] 
Thank you Brock it is my honor ! We ( [HANDLE] ) have never had the support that we have had from this President . Administrator [HANDLE] 
Wow , television ratings just out : 31 million people watched the Inauguration , 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago ! 
I will help Angel Mom ( and great woman ) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter . I know Mary Ann from the beginning , and she should never be silenced . She is a winner who has lost so much , her child . Twitter , if youre watching , please do what you have to do , NOW ! [HANDLE] 
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money , not controlled . Cruz is spending millions on ads paid for by his N . Y . bosses . 
Ive done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do , and I get paid ZERO ! [URL] 
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case ! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration . 
With the strategy that I announced today , we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN ! OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY : [URL] 
54 in Poll ! I would be at 75 ( with our great economy , maybe the best ever ) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media ! 
Bryan Dean Wright , former CIA Officer ( Dem ): In 2016 we had a Coup . We have to take Comey and others to task . Makes no sense not to prosecute him . Comey got a book deal . I fear for my Country . He tried to kneecap our duly elected president , and there are no consequences . [HANDLE] 
Our Country is Free , Beautiful and Very Successful . If you hate our Country , or if you are not happy here , you can leave ! 
As a tribute to the late , great Phyllis Schlafly , I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book , THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP . 
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on [HANDLE] from New Hampshire . Should be very interesting ! 
We have a booming economy , and working people are making gains that they havent seen in decades . Stuart Varney [HANDLE] 
I hear by demand a second investigation , after Schumer , of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia , and lying about it . [URL] 
The failing [HANDLE] was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win . Now they are worse ! 
President Xi of China , and I , are working together to give massive Chinese phone company , ZTE , a way to get back into business , fast . Too many jobs in China lost . Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done ! 
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio . He kept Arizona safe ! 
Nancy Reagan , the wife of a truly great President , was an amazing woman . She will be missed ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her " servant " was doing at the DNC - they just got caught , that ' s all ! They laughed at Bernie . 
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children , Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom . She and her husband , Sean Duffy , have done so much for our Country . Buy this book - great for the kids ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE [URL] 
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party , future Senator John James . A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many . November cant come fast enough ! 
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan . I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes , easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems , who spent heavily predicted victory ! 
Wow ! The U . S . added 250 , 000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes . Unemployment at 3 . 7 . Wages UP ! These are incredible numbers . Keep it going , Vote Republican ! 
Great night in WI . Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO [URL] 
At a recent round table meeting of business executives , long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple , I quickly referred to Tim Apple as TimApple as an easy way to save time words . The Fake News was disparagingly all over this , it became yet another bad Trump story ! 
Just arrived in the United Kingdom . The only problem is that [HANDLE] is the primary source of news available from the U . S . After watching it for a short while , I turned it off . All negative so much Fake News , very bad for U . S . Big ratings drop . Why doesnt owner [HANDLE] do something ? 
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea . Very good dialogue . Resuming tomorrow ! 
I encourage everyone in the path of [HASHTAG] to heed the advice orders of their local and state officials . [URL] 
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers . This was specifically NOT agreed to , and I would NEVER have agreed to it . The Greatest Witch Hunt in U . S . history , by far ! 
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a " natural born Canadian ," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks ? 
Congratulations to my son , Eric , on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry , and its great Ailsa Course . Always support kids ! 
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35 , I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet ! 
Isn ' t it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker , who couldn ' t get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee , will now fight Tax Cuts plus ! 
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years . Mexico , Canada , China and others have treated them unfairly . By the time I finish trade talks , that will change . Big trade barriers against U . S . farmers , and other businesses , will finally be broken . Massive trade deficits no longer ! 
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years , Atlanta Fed forecasts 4 . 7 GDP , manufacturing jobs highest in many years . Its the story of the Trump Administration , the Economic Success , thats unnerving his detractors . [HANDLE] 
Never thought Id say this but I think [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] [HANDLE] have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN NBC ! Look to final results ! Dont know how my poll numbers are so good , especially up 19 with Hispanics ? 
Based on [HANDLE] ' s conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate . 
Thank you Georgia ! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp , in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent , lifted him from 5 points down to a 70 to 30 victory ! Two very good and talented men in a great race , but congratulations to Brian ! 
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI ( although I do not legally have to ), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on . But you do have to ask why the DOJ FBI arent giving over requested documents ? 
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years . TIME FOR A CHANGE , I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST ! 
Great first day with world leaders at the [HASHTAG] here in Hamburg , Germany . Looking forward to day two ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court . It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8 : 00 P . M . ( W . H .) 
ObamaCare premiums are going up , up , up , just as I have been predicting for two years . ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats , and it is a disaster . But do not worry . Even though the Dems want to Obstruct , we will Repeal Replace right after Tax Cuts ! 
Great respect for the fact that President Xi his Representatives want calm resolution . So impressed that they are willing to come out state the facts so accurately . This is why he is a great leader representing a great country . Talks are continuing ! [URL] 
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their leadership wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE , thereby declaring war on Law Order . These people will be voting for Republicans in November and , in many cases , joining the Republican Party ! 
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia ( of course ), it was supposed to be over , back to work for the people . But the Dems have gone nuts , and it has actually gotten worse ! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020 , or little will get done ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz , who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory , has chosen a V . P . candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I would like to express my warmest regards , best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC . 
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed , the Economy is looking very strong , the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely , there is little or no Inflation , and USA optimism is very high ! 
John Brennan is a stain on the Country , we deserve better than this . Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book , Spygate , the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J . Trump , Dan Bongino . Thank you Dan , and good luck with the book ! 
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at [HANDLE] ... maybe even better than ever before . Fake News needs the competition ! 
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee . Their is nothing bipartisan about him . He should not be allowed to take command of that Committee . Too important ! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester ? 
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people ! [HASHTAG] 
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast . Please be very careful ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump ! They know he will be good for them too . 
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio sound level was very bad . So why didn ' t they fix it ? 
Over 90 approval rating for your all time favorite ( I hope ) President within the Republican Party and 52 overall . This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible . Look at the real villains please ! 
Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media , in partnership with the Democrats ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in . I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet , these are not lifetime appointments . You serve at the pleasure of the President . 
Sadly , there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility . Dems will sue ! 
Such an honor to have my good friend , Israel PM [HANDLE] , join us w his delegation in NYC this afternoon . [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Rep . Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions . He must resign and be investigated . He has been doing this for two years . He is a sick man ! 
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyers office ( early in the morning ) - almost unheard of . Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of perhaps illegal . The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong ! 
Great meeting all of you . This group knocked on 50K doors counting here in Maine , thank you ! [HANDLE] [URL] 
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz ! 
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela . The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice . They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship ; and there will be NO GOING BACK ! [URL] 
Today we mark another milestone : the 74th anniversary of [HASHTAG] , the Allied invasion of Normandy . On June 6 , 1944 , more than 70 , 000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft , jumped out of airplanes , and stormed into hell ... [URL] 
The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump . Over the year , average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents , or 3 . 2 . Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High . CNS NEWS . And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else ! 
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing [HANDLE] and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity ! 
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women , when they know that it is just the opposite ! 
 [HANDLE] : Washington , BIG Thank You for supporting Trump ! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again ! Trump2016 ! 
I don ' t think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with " murder ." Come November 8 , she ' s out ! 
With all that Congress has to work on , do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog , as unfair as it
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight . Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS . 
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie , Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public . Harvard called her a person of color ( amazing con ), and would not have taken her otherwise ! 
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria , Iraq and Libya . She is reckless and dangerous ! 
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri . He is very Popular , Strong , and knows what he is doing he gets it ! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor , Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! 
Big day at the United Nations - many good things , and some tricky ones , happening . We have a great team . Big speech at 10 : 00 A . M . 
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates . He knows nothing about me . But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster ! 
Hopefully Republican Senators , good people all , can quickly get together and pass a new ( repeal replace ) HEALTHCARE bill . Add saved ' s . 
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year . How was this allowed to happen ? 
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates ( Cruz ) plus 143 delegates ( Kasich ) is more than my 739 delegates . Try again ! 
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday ( 3 . 0 despite the big hurricane hits ). Best consecutive Q ' s in years ! 
Wow ! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness . I have already MADE America Great Again , just look at the markets , jobs , military- setting records , and we will do even better . Andrew chocked badly , mistake ! 
Thank you ! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the [HANDLE] - prior to [HANDLE] ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning . He is strong on Crime and Borders , great for our Military and our Vets . He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor , and has my full endorsement , a special guy . Vote on Tuesday ! 
New book just out , The Real Deal , My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump , is really wonderful . It is written by two people who are very smart know me well , George Sorial Damian Bates , as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am . ENJOY ! 
Final # ' s just announced in the GREAT State of MO . TRUMP WINS ! New certified # ' s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates ! 
Being in Detroit today was wonderful . Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters . Just got back home ! 
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs ? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA . Its very simple ! 
Donald Trump was being framed , he fought back . That is not Obstruction . [HANDLE] I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted . I could have fired everyone , including Mueller , if I wanted . I chose not to . I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege . I didnt ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on her appointment by Governor [HANDLE] as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job ! 
Economic numbers reach an all time high , the best in our Countrys history . Great to be a part of something so good for so many ! 
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes . No way they are going to fix America ' s problems . ISIS all others laughing ! 
How come the [HANDLE] [HANDLE] show the new [HANDLE] Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz ? 
Joe Biden just said , We believe in facts , not truth . Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president ? We are playing in a very big and complicated world . Joe doesnt have a clue ! 
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40 as Secretary of State , costing Americans millions of jobs . 
 . [HANDLE] please explain to the very dumb and failing [HANDLE] that I supported John McCain big league in 2008 , not Obama ! 
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign Obama Administration , there was never a special counsel appointed ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media . Great to be in Arizona yesterday ! 
There is a Revolution going on in California . Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous , crime infested breeding concept . Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border , but the people of the State are not happy . Want Security Safety NOW ! 
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing . I will never forget . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U . S . JOBS . Steel JOBS are coming back to America , just like I predicted . Congratulations to Steel Dynamics ! 
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 , long before I announced that I would run for President . The results of the election were not impacted . The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion ! 
As Bernie Sanders said , Hillary Clinton has bad judgement . Bill ' s meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary ! 
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers . Thank you for your century of service , as the indispensable guardians of our great [HANDLE] technology ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : This [HASHTAG] is voting for [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] . Thank you for supporting IOWA ! [URL] My great honor
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH . One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country . So honored by this . Thank you Kanye for your support . It is making a big difference ! 
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever , and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice . The world is watching ! [URL] 
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than [HANDLE] . Her bill passed Committee today with 5B for the BORDER WALL . West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done . Keep it up ! 
Departing Pittsburgh now , where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers , and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before ! [URL] 
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country . Standing with locked arms is good , kneeling is not acceptable . Bad ratings ! 
To everyone on the Gulf Coast : As you make preparations to protect your homes loved ones from flooding the coming storm , it is imperative that you heed the directions of [HANDLE] , State Local Officials . We are working closely w them . Please be prepared , be careful , be SAFE ! 
Thank you Illinois ! Great news ! [HASHTAG] on 315 ! Trump 28 Cruz 15 Rubio 14 Kasich 13 Bush 8 Carson 6 Simon PollSIU
 . [HANDLE] ' s tax hikes will CRUSH our economy . I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE . [URL] [URL] 
As President , I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU , the American people ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] is a low energy " stiff " who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls . Has no chance ! 
The trip by [HANDLE] Pence was long planned . He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November .. vote TRUMP 2016
Democrats are smiling in D . C . that the Freedom Caucus , with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage , have saved Planned Parenthood Ocare ! 
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohens new book , given to publishers a short time ago . Your heads will spin when you see the lies , misrepresentations and contradictions against his Thursday testimony . Like a different person ! He is totally discredited ! 
The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases . They ought to start governing . You know , for a change . Michael Goodwin [HANDLE] 
WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing : There ' s No Nov . 8 Deadline on Clinton ' s Dishonesty and Scandals ' [URL] 
Twitter SHADOW BANNING prominent Republicans . Not good . We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once ! Many complaints . 
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen women who have served , and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] is much better , and far more truthful , than [HANDLE] , which is all negative . Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary ! I don ' t watch . 
Had the opposition party ( no , not the Media ) won the election , the Stock Market would be down at least 10 , 000 points by now . We are heading up , up , up ! 
Today , I took action to strengthen our Nations defenses against biological threats . For the first time in history , the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats ! [URL] 
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border . Please go back , you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process . This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you ! 
Join us Monday , February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester , New Hampshire ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Michael Cohens book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before . He must have forgotten about his book when he testified . What does Hillary Clintons lawyer , Lanny Davis , say about this one . Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary . Using her lawyer ? 
Lou Dobbs : This cannot go forward ... this Special Councel with all of his conflicts , with his 17 Angry Democrats , without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia . The Dems are the ones who should be investigated . Thank you Lou , so true ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] That ' s funny , I switched to other media too , can ' t stand her
 . [HANDLE] wants a SAFE America w stronger borders , no amnesty , and an END to sanctuary cities . He is [URL] 
Gina Haspel , my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA , is being praised for the fact that she has been , and alway will be , TOUGH ON TERROR ! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone . The CIA wants her to lead them into Americas bright and glorious future ! 
Rex Tillerson , a man who is dumb as a rock and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State , made up a story ( he got fired ) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg , Germany . I dont think Putin would agree . Look how the U . S . is doing ! 
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP , America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world . Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST ! 
NoKo has interpreted America ' s past restraint as weakness . This would be a fatal miscalculation . Do not underestimate us . AND DO NOT TRY US . [URL] 
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails . Many missing ! 
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm ! Thank you ! [URL] [URL] 
It was my great HONOR to present our nation ' s highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Hillary Just Handed [HANDLE] a Huge Gift : Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy ! [HASHTAG] ! 
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC VIOLENT . Bad temperament for pres
I know it is not at all Presidential to hit back at the Corrupt Media , or people who work for the Corrupt Media , when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration . Problem is , if you dont hit back , people believe the Fake News is true . So well hit back ! 
The Fake News media is officially out of control . They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this ! 
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech . She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton . [URL] 
In New York State , Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants . No wonder so many people are leaving N . Y . Very Sad ! 
It was my great honor to host todays Inaugural Meeting of the Presidents National Council for the American Worker in the Roosevelt Room ! Read more : [URL] [URL] 
Crooked Hillary can ' t even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary . Four more years of this ? No way ! 
Just like I have warned from the beginning , Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP . [URL] 
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time , as they did after the 2016 Election . But this one will have to be a far bigger better apology . On this one they will have to get down on their knees beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People ! 
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act . We must put the safety of America ' s children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools . A tragedy like Parkland can ' t happen ever again ! 
Remember , it was the Republican Party , with the help of Conservatives , that made so many promises to their base , BUT DIDN ' T KEEP THEM ! Hi DT
This British Spy , Christopher Steele , tried so hard to get this ( the Fake Dossier ) out before the Election . Why ? [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
So many records being set with respect to our Economy . Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER . A beautiful thing to watch ! 
Beto ( phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage ) ORourke , who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas , where I trounced him , and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1 in the Democrat Primary , should respect the victims law enforcement - be quiet ! 
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses . He wants to look cool , but it ' s far too late . 1 in Nevada ! 
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide ? Why arent they giving the strongly requested documents ( unredacted ) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE ? Stalling , but for what reason ? Not looking good ! 
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable ! Hurts families badly . We have a chance , working with the Democrats , to deliver great HealthCare ! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans ! 
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare . They really want to get it right , unlike OCare ! 
Wow , [HANDLE] is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings . Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly , Fake News CNN is also doing poorly . Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable ! 
While Hillary profits off the rigged system , I am fighting for you ! Remember the simple phrase : [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Justice Dept . should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - seek much tougher version ! 
 [HANDLE] : GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner ( Trump ) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner ( Sanders ). 
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio ( and failed presidential candidate ) [HANDLE] hurt Troy Baldersons recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate . Even Kasichs Lt . Governor lost Gov . race because of his unpopularity . Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN ! 
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages . As you can see , almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama . I accept the Fake News apologies ! [URL] 
In the old days , when good news was reported , the Stock Market would go up . Today , when good news is reported , the Stock Market goes down . Big mistake , and we have so much good ( great ) news about the economy ! 
In light of the horrible attack in Nice , France , I have postponed tomorrow ' s news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement . 
Today , as we Remember Pearl Harbor , it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 1271941 . They are HEROES , and they are living witnesses to American History . All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice . [URL] 
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton ' s losing campaign . 
Unbelievable evening . Just made a speech in front 17 , 000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage , Long Island --- great to be home ! 
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306 ! 
It is finally sinking through . 46 OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME . FAKE NEWS , even worse ! Lost cred . 
With Jemele Hill at the mike , it is no wonder ESPN ratings have " tanked ," in fact , tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry ! 
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out . That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin ' Chuck stay ! 
Honored to meet this years [HANDLE] delegates w [HANDLE] Pence in the East Room of the [HANDLE] . Congratulations [URL] 
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic , Giuseppe Conte . Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7 . Loves his Country greatly works well with the USA . A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister ! 
When the American People speak , ALL OF US should listen . Just over one year ago , you spoke loud and clear . On November 8 , 2016 , you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
All false reporting ( guessing ) on my intentions with respect to North Korea . Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse . I believe that China , Russia , Japan South Korea will be very helpful ! 
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U . S . trade tensions and new policies . Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal , and stop playing around ! 
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime . There was never Collusion with Russia , except by the Clinton campaign , so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find . Very unfair and BAD for the country . ALSO , not allowed under the LAW ! 
Great to see that Dr . Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake , who is WEAK on borders , crime and a non-factor in Senate . He ' s toxic ! 
Sadly , Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal , not a fair deal , for DACA . Take care of our Military , and our Country , FIRST ! 
The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office [HANDLE] was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens , a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do ! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a bedbug . Tough guy ! 
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall ? Without Borders , we dont have a country . With Open Borders , which the Democrats want , we have nothing but crime ! Finish the Wall ! 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton , I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win ! 
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that , after hearing Repeal Replace for 7 years , he failed ! That should NEVER have happened ! 
Jeff Flake ( y ) doesnt want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel , he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the crime of doing a terrible job ! A weak and ineffective guy ! 
New York , get out and VOTE for [HANDLE] , a great and hardworking Congressman . We need Johns voice in D . C . His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel . Vote for John . Has my Strong Endorsement ! 
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County , Florida . Will never forget them , or the evening ! 
Today , May 4th - is International Firefighters Day ! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others , and are grateful to those who continue to do so 247365 . We love our great firefighters , thank you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today . Will be there shortly , landing now ! [URL] 
If the Dems ( Crooked Hillary ) got elected , your stocks would be down 50 from values on Election Day . Now they have a great future - and just beginning ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED ! VOTE TRUMP
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didnt get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain , thereby setting up a Supteme Court case . After ruling , Dems dropped deal - and thats where we are today , Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall . 
 . [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota . They are winners and always get the job done . We need them all in Congress for [HASHTAG] . Border , Military , Vets , 2nd A . Go Vote Minnesota . They have my Strong Endorsement ! 
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week . He is doing such a good job for Argentina . I support his vision for transforming his countrys economy and unleashing its potential ! 
Yet another terrorist attack , this time in Turkey . Will the world ever realize what is going on ? So sad . 
Thank you Arizona . Beautiful turnout of 15 , 000 in Phoenix tonight ! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at : [URL] [URL] 
Mr . Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd . He goes ondelivers the b [URL] 
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U . S . A . G . talked only about " grandkids " and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac ? 
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry . Pricing for the American people will come way down ! 
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I ' m a women I 100 support [HANDLE] I have since the beginning . Thank you ! 
Looking forward to tomorrow nights rally in Greenville , North Carolina at 7 : 00 P . M . Eastern ! [URL] 
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom . Could be very big exciting . JOBS ! The E . U . is very protectionist with the U . S . STOP ! 
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month . [URL] 
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits , under the guise of ObamaCare , is over . They have made a fortune . Dems must get smart deal ! 
President Donald J . Trump Delivers Remarks at the ShamrockBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House [URL] 
Wow , Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement . Now in September runoff . Strong on Wall Crime ! 
Thank you Louisiana ! Get out vote for John Kennedy tomorrow . Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal [URL] 
Manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via [HANDLE] : [URL] [URL] 
As the great people of IA , IL , MO continue to confront the devastating flooding , know we are here for you and ready to help ! My team remains in close contact with [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding . 
See , when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection , they made the change without giving me credit . [URL] 
If you come after the President , the Country , the Flag - hes going to defend himself . What the squad doesnt like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress . Jason Chaffetz . Also , buy Jasons great new book , POWER GRAB ! 
Looks like OPEC is at it again . With record amounts of Oil all over the place , including the fully loaded ships at sea , Oil prices are artificially Very High ! No good and will not be accepted ! 
The United States has an 800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and policies . Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years . They laugh at what fools our leaders have been . No more ! 
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many . It is being dismantled but in the meantime , premiums deductibles are way up ! 
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions . Let us all see what happens ! 
The big story is the " unmasking and surveillance " of people that took place during the Obama Administration . 
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea . For the first time in many years , a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned . The World is watching and waiting ! May be false hope , but the U . S . is ready to go hard in either direction ! 
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day . Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on ? So naive ! 
Today , it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One ( HMX-1 ) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico , Virginia . I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief . On behalf of an entire Nation , THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service . We love you ! [URL] 
There is a rumor , put out by the Democrats , that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early . It is Fake News . He met me at the plane when I arrived , spoke at the great Rally , stayed to the very end . In fact , I said goodbye to him and left before he did . Deception ! 
I love the White House , one of the most beautiful buildings ( homes ) I have ever seen . But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
 [HANDLE] : The media attack on [HANDLE] is relentless . They are desperate . But , they keep [HASHTAG] in the news - a good thing . 
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate . Our country will soon come together as one ! 
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation . ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast ! 
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision . The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable ! 
I will be meeting with the NRA , who has endorsed me , about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list , or the no fly list , to buy guns . 
That was an amazing interview on [HANDLE] - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the [HANDLE] is ! 
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan . Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high . They will recoverer be back very soon . America loves them . Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all ! 
As I have long been saying , and has now been proven out , this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself , and it was the other side that caused the problem , not us ! 
By the way , if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election , it all took place during the Obama Admin . Why didn ' t they stop them ? 
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good , but for the final night , my speech , great . Thank you ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales . And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U . S . Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong . BAD JUDGEMENT ! 
Jay Webber of New Jersey , running for Congress , is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially . Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes . A Harvard graduate and father of seven , Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help ! 
Just watched the Great [HANDLE] , Basketball Hall of Famer , on the [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man , Mark Levin , who has the number one bestselling book , Unfreedom of the Press . Two Winners ! 
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support . [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell and [HANDLE] have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country . Already past , with big vote , in House . Would be a major victory for ALL ! 
Congratulations to Eric Lara on the birth of their son , Eric " Luke " Trump this morning ! [URL] 
I hope the people over at the Fed will read todays Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake . Also , dont let the market become any more illiquid than it already is . Stop with the 50 Bs . Feel the market , dont just go by meaningless numbers . Good luck ! 
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal . It would be great for the so-called Carbon Footprint to permanently eliminate all Planes , Cars , Cows , Oil , Gas the Military - even if no other country would do the same . Brilliant ! 
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men women of Derco Aerospace ! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing , and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling ... [URL] 
Hillary Clinton ' s open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe . 
Congressman Ron DeSantis , a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School , is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida . Ron is strong on Borders , tough on Crime big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military our Vets . He will be a Great Governor has my full Endorsement ! 
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers , Peter Strzok and Lisa Page , who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people . It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History ! 
 [HANDLE] : No way I believe Trump at 70 disapproval with women . Went to 3 rallies . At least 12 women . MSM LIES [HANDLE] 
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora , Illinois . Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families . America is with you ! 
Stock had the Best First Half since 1997 . [HANDLE] Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world ! 
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does , in the future , turn down ! Very inexpensive , in fact productive , to move now . The Fed raised tightened far too much too fast . In other words , they missed it ( Big !). Dont miss it again ! 
Good news out of the House with the passing of ' No Sanctuary for Criminals Act .' Hopefully Senate will follow . 
Polls are open in Mississippi . We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington . GO OUT AND VOTE . Thanks ! 
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu . Ill be there very soon . Vote for me , Hawaii ! 
For all of the money we are spending , NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago . They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing , including Mars ( of which the Moon is a part ), Defense and Science ! 
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI DOJ should be shown to the public on live television , not a closed door hearing that nobody will see . We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency ! 
Speaking of failing badly , has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosis district in San Francisco . It is not even recognizeable lately . Something must be done before it is too late . The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I tried to give them a shot tonight , but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team . 
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx . 50 million loan . I have totally terminated the loan ! 
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N . Y . C . Thank you . 
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I have such tremendous respect for . Thank you , Sheldon ! [URL] 
Will be at venue , in wonderful South Carolina , very soon . Big traffic back-up , tremendous crowd ! Will be wild . 
Hillary says this election is about judgment . She ' s right . Her judgement has killed thousands , unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy . 
Don King , and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me , would not have done so if they thought I was a racist ! 
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security . Not an easy task , but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country ! 
Interview with [HANDLE] on Fox Network - 4 : 00 P . M . ( prior to Super Bowl ). Enjoy ! 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are .... [URL] 
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks , at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License ? Bad for country ! 
God be with you all ': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve [URL] via [HANDLE] 
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney , the man who " choked " and let us all down , is now endorsing Lyin ' Ted Cruz . This is good for me ! 
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem . Total disrespect for our great country ! 
When is the media going to talk about Hillary ' s policies that have gotten people killed , like Libya , open borders , and maybe her emails ? 
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice , not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol . They dont have the character , the virtue , or the spine ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The White House is running beautifully . We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come . Big progress ! 
I am pleased to announce the launch of [URL] This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine . This has been a priority of mine and Im pleased to share that it is up and running ! [HASHTAG] 
Today , I announced a new Executive Order with re : to North Korea . We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of [HASHTAG] . [URL] 
It wasn ' t Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night . It was her very dumb answer about emails the veteran who said she should be in jail . 
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks , in North Carolina . His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities , and wont protect your Second Amendment ! [URL] 
Another terrorist attack in London ... These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength ! 
Just out : The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities . We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level , especially by the State of California , which is well known or its poor management high taxes ! 
Finally held our first full [HANDLE] meeting today . With this great team , we can restore American prosperity and br [URL] 
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes , this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU ! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren , who may be the least productive Senator in the U . S . Senate , must prove she is not a fraud . Without the con it ' s over
After having written many best selling books , and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write , it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake . I capitalize certain words only for emphasis , not bc they should be capitalized ! 
Watching my beautiful wife , Melania , speak about our love of country and family . We will make you all very proud . [URL] 
Was just briefed via phone by [HANDLE] [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] [HANDLE] , along with [HANDLE] Mike Pence and Chief of Staff , John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous . Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you . Be SAFE ! [URL] 
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando , some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally . Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that cant get into the 25 , 000 capacity arena . It will be a very exciting evening ! Make America Great Again ! 
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady . Great progress being made ! Spending weekend working at White House . 
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame . Great record , especially when under pressure and when it mattered most . Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right ! [HANDLE] 
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election . Why didnt he do something about it ? Why didnt he tell our campaign ? Because it is all a big hoax , thats why , and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win !!! 
Thank you Colorado Springs . If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count [URL] 
Today , here in Iowa , we honor Americas cherished farming heritage . We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean , affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL ! [URL] 
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration . Cant let that happen ! 
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal . Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away . Will continue forward ! [URL] 
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big , dreams bigger , and always reaches for the stars . YOU are the ones who will shape Americas destiny . YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity . And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow ! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted . Should have been Fired ! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting . The paper is a Fraud , Zero Credibility . Fake News takes another hit , but this time a big one ! 
Wow , Twitter , Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton . Very dishonest media ! 
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on [HANDLE] and cable ratings are those that are Fair ( or great ) to your favorite President , me ! Congratulations to [HANDLE] for being the number one show on Cable Television ! 
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy , BALL OF COLLUSION , THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY . Get it , and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending . They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed ! 
Oil prices getting lower . Great ! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World . Enjoy ! 54 , was just 82 . Thank you to Saudi Arabia , but lets go lower ! 
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead . She would be a disaster
Great job done by [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , Senator [HANDLE] , and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved , including [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , Law Enforcement and First Responders . Thank you all ! 
Just arrived in Syracuse , NY . Big crowd , great place ! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I want all Americans to succeed together . President Obama ' s illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for ... [URL] 
Imagine how much wasteful spending wed save if we didnt have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way ! For years , Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending , and to what end ? No more . 
Thank you [HANDLE] - for setting the failing [HANDLE] story straight . This is what the NYT ' s should have written ! [URL] 
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on Dancing with the Stars . He will do great . A terrific person who loves our Country dearly ! 
A lot of small medium size enterprises are registering very good profit , sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well , low income workers are getting big raises . There are an awful lot of good things going on that werent during Pres . Obamas Watch . Peter Morici
Mainstream Media in U . S . is being mocked all over the world . Theyve gone CRAZY ! [URL] 
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province . The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy . Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed . Dont let that happen ! 
I am soooo proud of my children , Don , Eric and Tiffany - their speeches , under enormous pressure , were incredible . Ivanka intros me tonight ! 
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history . After spending 40 , 000 , 000 over two dark years , with unlimited access , people , resources and cooperation , highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges , if he had ANYTHING , but there were no charges to bring ! 
Governor Rick Perry said " Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I ' ve ever seen ." Thank you Rick ! 
The late , great , William F . Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize , the dying National Review ! 
Just landed in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in . Wow ! [HASHTAG] 
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance , and are starting to spin impeachment all over again . How sick disgusting and bad for our Country are they . What they are doing is so wrong , but they do it anyway . Dems have become the do nothing Party ! 
I dont know what its going to take . A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this , its not just Baltimore , unfortunately . Kimberly Klacik , Baltimore journalist Remember , Vote for Trump , what the h .... do you have to lose ? Best unemployment numbers ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss ? 
Courts Dems in Congress , neither of which have a clue , are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country ! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL , OUR DETENTION CENTERS , HOSPITALS SCHOOLS ARE PACKED . Crazy ! 
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and [HANDLE] on our drug pricing blueprint . Pfizer is rolling back price hikes , so American patients dont pay more . We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same . Great news for the American people ! 
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens . Not good ! 
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one . It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track , actually , a beautiful thing to watch . Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur . The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close ! 
This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised by politicians . Repub party is in trouble ! [URL] 
Thank you Maine , New Hampshire and Iowa . The waiting is OVER ! The time for change is NOW ! We are going to [URL] 
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high .... and for good reason . Much more regulation " busting " to come . Working hard on tax cuts reform ! 
The Mayor of San Juan , who was very complimentary only a few days ago , has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump . 
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly . Always trying to belittle . Paper has lost its way ! 
China suspends Tariffs on some U . S . products . Being hit very hard , supply chains breaking up as many companies move , or look to move , to other countries . Much more expensive to China than originally thought . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama . He has my complete and total endorsement ! 
Great Army - Navy Game . Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY ! Congratulations ! 
Don ' t let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL . It will get built and help stop drugs , human trafficking etc . 
I love you Missouri ! Under Republican leadership , America is BOOMING , America is THRIVING , and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST . Get out and VOTE Josh [HANDLE] for the United States Senate ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France ? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters , I guess not so well ! In the meantime , the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment . 
I , as President , want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again , people coming in through a system based on MERIT . No more Lotteries ! [HASHTAG] FIRST
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine , they have already taken Crimea and continue to push . That ' s what I said ! 
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert closely watching for any sign of trouble . Our borders are far tougher than ever before ! 
Biden would be Chinas Dream Candidate , because there would be no more Tariffs , no more demands that China stop stealing our IP , things would go back to the old days with Americas manufacturers workers getting shafted . He has Zero Credibility ! [HANDLE] So true ! 
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain , Cindy , and their entire family . Get well soon . [URL] 
Today in Florida , [HANDLE] and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas , Dominican Republic , Haiti , Jamaica , and Saint Lucia ! [URL] 
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1 : 30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece . [URL] [URL] 
Top searched candidate by state , as seen in the [HASHTAG] media filing center . WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia . But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House Senate Intelligence Senator Burr . So bad for our Country ! 
LIVE FACT-CHECK : Trump ' s RIGHT . The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania . KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! 
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration . This will not continue . Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong ( but fair ) laws . If not , we will be forced to play a much tougher hand . 
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is NixonWatergate . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! 
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major , and he did it not only with his powerful game , but with his powerful mind . He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories , including Majors , ahead of him . Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done ! 
I completely read the entire Mueller Report , and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2 ? There is no there there . NO THERE THERE ! We completely wasted everybodys time and taxpayers money . [HANDLE] 
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico . Fired their employees . Tax product big that ' s sold in U . S . 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book " The Art of the Deal " for your donation of 184 or more . Get YOURS today ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] was right ! Vote trump ! Bring our jobs back . [URL] I told you so , only going to get worse
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Thank you- Tucson , Arizona ! A great afternoon with 6 , 000 supporters ! [HASHTAG] on Tuesday ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book ' Fiction ': ' Product of Someone ' s Rich Imagination ' [URL] via [HANDLE] 
The rally in Lowell , Massachusetts , was amazing . 10 , 000 people going wild . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale ( [HANDLE] ). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday ! Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact . Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting . Always quoting sources ( not names ), many of which dont exist . Story on John Kelly isnt true ... just another hit job ! 
North Korea , under the leadership of Kim Jong Un , will become a great Economic Powerhouse . He may surprise some but he wont surprise me , because I have gotten to know him fully understand how capable he is . North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] no one wants a Bush or a Clinton , they want a straight shooter like TRUMP ! 
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship [HANDLE] in Miami tomorrow ! Rory , Phil , Bubba , Adam , and Dustin all at the top ! 
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive . Jobs outlook looking very good ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Over the past 11 months , I have travelled tens of thousands of miles , to visit 13 countries . I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled , it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE ! [URL] 
Isn ' t it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on [HANDLE] ? 
In Austin , Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents . I will not let them down ! [URL] [URL] 
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday ( which was a small percentage of total ). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag ! 
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs . Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the [HANDLE] today . U . S . -Poland ties are at an all-time high . Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally ! [URL] 
Hey Missouri let ' s defeat Crooked Hillary [HANDLE] ! Koster supports Obamacare amnesty ! Vote outsider Navy SEAL [HANDLE] ! 
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats , some big Crooked Hillary supporters , and Zero Republicans ? Another Dem recently added ... does anyone think this is fair ? And yet , there is NO COLLUSION ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book , The Russia Hoax , The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton Frame Donald Trump . Already number one on Amazon . Hard work from a brilliant guy . Its the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt ! 
Thank you to all of the supporters , who far out-numbered the protesters , yesterday at the Women ' s U . S . Open . Very cool ! 
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes , Crooked Hillary Clinton , can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money ! 
We are a great Sovereign Nation . We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] let ' s get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio Cruz . When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man , and while he will not be seeking re-election , he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question . We are with you Paul ! 
A great day in Wisconsin , many stops , many great people ! Melania is joining me on Monday . Big crowds . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea , then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory . 
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the " you can keep you doctor , you can keep your plan premiums will go down " ObamaCare lie . 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 [HANDLE] Cup Series Champion , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare . Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT ! Ends Ocare ! 
I dont believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA . They are all talk and no action . This is the time but , day by day , they are blowing the one great opportunity they have . Too bad ! 
Its political season and the election is around the corner . They want to continue to push that racist narrative . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] And I am the least racist person . Black , Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest ( BEST ) in the history of the United States ! 
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection . This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election . I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first ! 
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame ! Not only a great player but a great person . I am thankful for Marianos support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and [HANDLE] . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People . Together , you reach more people than any television broadcast , BY FAR ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I would be willing to shut down government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security , which includes the Wall ! Must get rid of Lottery , Catch Release etc . and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT ! We need great people coming into our Country ! 
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED : FBI confirms State Dept . offered ' quid pro quo ' to cover up classified emails [URL] 
Our great country has been divided for decades . Sometimes you need protest in order to heal , we will heal , be stronger than ever before ! 
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people . Cant do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN , whose ratings have suffered gravely . People have to figure out what is real , and what is not , without censorship ! 
Remember , Michael Cohen only became a Rat after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started . They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEYS OFFICE ! Why didnt they break into the DNC to get the Server , or Crookeds office ? 
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor , China , by shooting off yet another ballistic missile ... but China is trying hard ! 
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job , I am very proud of him . His predecessor , Rex Tillerson , didnt have the mental capacity needed . He was dumb as a rock and I couldnt get rid of him fast enough . He was lazy as hell . Now it is a whole new ballgame , great spirit at State ! 
Great support for Border Security and the Wall . [HANDLE] Even greater than anyone would know ! Presidents supporters do not want him to cave . [HANDLE] I wont ! 
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week ! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars . It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season . 
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing [HANDLE] said . Russia , U . K ., China , Saudi Arabia , Japan , 
Our inner cities have been left behind . We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border . 
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U . S ., China and Russia . Very insulting , but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO , which the U . S . subsidizes greatly ! 
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie , Pennsylvania . THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill , which his Governor loves . He campaigned on Repeal Replace . Let Arizona down ! 
Stock Market up almost 40 since the Election , with 7 Trillion Dollars of U . S . value built throughout the economy . Lowest unemployment rate in many decades , with Black Hispanic unemployment lowest in History , and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years . Highest confidence ever ! 
WITCH HUNT ! There was no Russian Collusion . Oh , I see , there was no Russian Collusion , so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion . The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax . Too bad they didnt look at Crooked Hillary like this . Double Standard ! 
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy !" So true . [HANDLE] 
FL , KS , ME , MD , MN , NJ , OR WV ! It ' s the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms . Get the forms at [URL] 
Just spoke with President [HANDLE] of Brazil . Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong , perhaps stronger than ever before . I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires , we stand ready to assist ! 
Wow [HANDLE] circulation in NH has dropped from 75 , 000 to around 10bad management . No wonder they begged me for ads . 
New home sales reach a 10 year high . Stock Market has more record gains . Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going ! Democrats want big Tax Increases . 
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book , THE RUSSIA HOAX , THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP , going to [HASHTAG] on [HANDLE] and Amazon . It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT , illegally started by people who have already been disgraced . Great book ! 
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations . Much work left to do but effect will be great ! Business jobs will grow . 
A huge thanks to [HANDLE] for serving America at the [HANDLE] . Great work ! Im proud to have you join the Fulbright board ! [URL] 
Wow , word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT . Andrew McCarthy says , Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign . If so , this is bigger than Watergate ! 
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult . They use the courts and associated delay at all times . Must stop ! 
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant . Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born . As usual , dishonest reporting . Even mainstream media embarrassed ! 
I hear the Rickets family , who own the Chicago Cubs , are secretly spending ' s against me . They better be careful , they have a lot to hide ! 
As the world watches , we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses . It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country ! [URL] 
Our great Senator ( and Star ) from the State of Arkansas , [HANDLE] , has just completed a wonderful book , Sacred Duty , about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion . On sale today , make it big ! 
Watching the DodgersRed Sox final innings . It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose dominating through almost 7 innings , Rich Hill of Dodgers , and brings in nervous reliever ( s ) who get shellacked . 4 run lead gone . Managers do it all the time , big mistake ! 
Great success today at NATO ! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election . Great spirit ! 
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition ( [HANDLE] ) meeting in Las Vegas , Nevada . See everyone soon ! [URL] 
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me . I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so ! 
 [HANDLE] : Which is it [HANDLE] ? Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it ? Get rid of it fast . 
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19 , 000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover , Agent Peter S . These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax . This is a total Obstruction of Justice . All Texts Demanded ! 
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag . Among many other things , he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps , for wifes campaign , while Hillary was under investigation by FBI ! [URL] 
I will never testify against Trump . This statement was recently made by Roger Stone , essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about President Trump . Nice to know that some people still have guts ! 
Thank you Michigan . This is a MOVEMENT . We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have . The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear . They get nothing done . This should never be allowed to happen to another President . Witch Hunt ! 
Spoke to Bibi [HANDLE] to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win . The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Wow , Kaine couldn ' t go 12 seconds without a lie . Marines and military are scared of the liar running . [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron , Ohio is a Sea of Women , Minorities , Independents , Dems [URL] via [HANDLE] 
So cute ! Her father is under siege , for no reason , since his first day in office ! [URL] 
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee ... And , wheres the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI ? Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover , Peter S ? We want them now ! 
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life , History and Culture . From the earliest days of this Nation , African-American Leaders , Pioneers , Visionaries have uplifted inspired our Country ... [URL] 
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency , the Turkish Lira , slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar ! Aluminum will now be 20 and Steel 50 . Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time ! 
Unprecedented success for our Country , in so many ways , since the Election . Record Stock Market , Strong on Military , Crime , Borders , ISIS , Judicial Strength Numbers , Lowest Unemployment for Women ALL , Massive Tax Cuts , end of Individual Mandate - and so much more . Big 2018 ! 
How can Senator Richard Blumenthal , who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam ( then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam ), pass judgement on anyone ? Loser ! 
Crooked Hillary colluded wFBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her . It ' s a [HASHTAG] ! Our country d [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies . Here are the Facts . I will soon be posting the entire segment . Too much positive news , too many good things , to Tweet . PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH ! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid ! 
Crooked Hillary said loudly , and for the world to see , that she " SHORT CIRCUITED " when answering a question on her e-mails . Very dangerous ! 
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis . Economy has never been better , jobs at best point in history . Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well . Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U . S . A . 
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws . It can be done instantly ! 
Jeb failed as Jeb ! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother ( who got us into the quicksand of Iraq ). Spent 120 million . Weak-no chance ! 
Mitt Romney , who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool , is now playing tough guy
They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate , they would have had 12 million more would have broken the all time record . 
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP , I dont like the deal for the United States . Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesnt work . Bilateral deals are far more efficient , profitable and better for OUR workers . Look how bad WTO is to U . S . 
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus ( far more so than any other local political figure ). His sincere level of compassion , grief and sorrow for the events that took place was , in its own way , very inspiring . Vote for Keith ! 
Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U . S . because of the prospect of higher U . S . Tariffs . CNBC . This is just the beginning . This car can now be BUILT IN THE U . S . A . and Ford will pay no tariffs ! 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty , high crime , lost opportunities . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U . S . A . because of the Tariffs being charged to China , and there is a long way to go . If companies dont want to pay Tariffs , build in the U . S . A . Otherwise , lets just make our Country richer than ever before ! 
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump . The Wall Street JournalNBC Poll is a total joke . No wonder WSJ is doing so badly ! 
During the campaign , I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country . I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers ! [URL] 
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U . S . Armed Forces . A grateful nation thanks you ! [URL] 
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China its highly respected President when it launched , though unsuccessfully , a missile today . Bad ! 
As President , I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU , the American people ! [URL] [URL] 
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE ! 
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania . It would be a major media event ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Had a meeting with the terrific [HANDLE] of Indiana . So excited to campaign in his wonderful state ! [URL] 
Bayer AG has pledged to add U . S . jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump , the latest in a string ..." [HANDLE] 
Hillary ' s debate answer on delay : " That is horrifying . That is not the way our democracy works . Been around for 240 years . We ' ve had free -- 
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business . Job numbers are looking great ! 
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement . They will have a fantastic life together ! [HANDLE] 
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth . Thank you for a job well done ! [URL] 
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable ! Totally biased , not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can ' t get any worse . Sad
11 , 000 inside venue tonight in Tampa ! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 wout musical instruments ! Another 5 , 000 outside . Will be back ! 
After 200 days , rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved .. not even close ! Don ' t believe the Fake News Suppression Polls ! 
The story in the [HANDLE] about the U . S . escalating attacks on Russias power grid is Fake News , and the Failing New York Times knows it . They should immediately release their sources which , if they exist at all , which I doubt , are phony . Times must be held fully accountable ! 
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded , there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign . As many are now finding out , however , there was tremendous leaking , lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI , Justice State . [HASHTAG] 
Mexico , Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force . We will now , because of the USMCA , work very well together . Great Spirit ! 
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history , ready to reclaim their country and their future .... [URL] 
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos , Switzerland . Speech on Americas economic revival was well received . Many of the people I met will be investing in the U . S . A .! [HASHTAG] 
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again . Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando . [URL] 
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U . S . A . G . was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know . 
Today , it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the [HANDLE] . Bahrain and the United States are important partners . During the Crown Princes visit , he is advancing 9 BILLION in commercial deals , including finalizing the purchase of F-16s ... [URL] 
 [HASHTAG] : Governor [HANDLE] and I were in Valley Forge , Pennsylvania today . You can watch it here : [URL] 
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor , [HANDLE] . Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum ! 
Mexico is doing great at the Border , but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would . Hopefully they will start soon ! 
Today , it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States [HANDLE] in Annapolis , Maryland . Congratulations ! Good luck . Godspeed . And ANCHORS AWEIGH ! [URL] 
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate , and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct ( which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms ). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you ! 
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place . The Republican National Committee had strong defense ! 
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House . Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China , the coming North Korea meeting and , of course , the vicious gas attack in Syria . Feels great to have Bolton Larry K on board . I ( we ) are
Looking forward to being with the Bush family . This is not a funeral , this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life . He will be missed ! 
Gov . Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn ' t watch politics or anything on television , he only watches the [HANDLE] 
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] . Watch [HANDLE] before and [HANDLE] after . All terrific people . I am in the White House waiting for Cryin Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within ! 
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought . Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been , and will be , with them all the way . I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America . 
Wow ! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch . Warner did not want a paper trail on a private meeting ( in London ) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame . All tied into Crooked Hillary . 
Pathetic attempt by [HANDLE] to try and build up ratings for the [HASHTAG] . Without me they ' d have no ratings ! [URL] 
China wouldn ' t provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama " the son of a whore ." Terrible ! 
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event . Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House . Youve come a long way Matt ! 
Hillary says " take back Mosul ?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn ' t for [HASHTAG] . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Great new book out , Mad Politics : Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy by [HANDLE] Loudon . Go out and get your copy today a great read ! 
As a show of support for our Armed Forces , I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today . Looking forward to it , should be fun ! 
 . [HANDLE] , dont focus on me , focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom . We are doing just fine ! 
In order to [HASHTAG] create a new GOVERNMENT of , by , for the PEOPLE , I need your VOTE ! Go to [URL] LET ' S [HASHTAG] ! 
Obama Administration official said they " choked " when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election . They didn ' t want to hurt Hillary ? 
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U . S . A . from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! 
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day , we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of historys darkest hours . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
People , the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want , but I am calling it what we need and what it is , a TRAVEL BAN ! 
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media ! 
Heed the advice of [HANDLE] ! " If you ' re in an evacuation zone , you need to get to a shelter ... there ' s not many hours left ." Gov . Scott [URL] 
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years . They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor , who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage . We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man , but we are cutting back on Turkey ! 
things they did and said ( like giving the questions to the debate to H ). A total double standard ! Media , as usual , gave them a pass . 
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now . This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State , and a probably illegal DemocratFake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Earlier today , [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
So great to be in New York . Catching up on many things ( remember , I am still running a major business while I campaign ) and loving it ! 
I am excited to announce that [HANDLE] will soon be joining our Campaign . She feels so strongly about our Country its future . We are setting records in so many ways , we will keep it going . Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration I am so thankful ! 
We thank you . We salute you . We honor you . And we promise you : we will ALWAYS have your BACK now and FOREVER ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States . Stay safe ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Mr . Trump , why does Cruz hate Canada so much . He should embrace his roots , it ' s a great country " So true ! 
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement ! 
We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump Russia , absolutely zero , but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI DOJ , the Hillary campaign , foreign spies Russians , incredible . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
All Polls , and some brand new Polls , show very little support for impeachment . Such a waste of time , especially with sooo much good that could be done , including prescription drug price reduction , healthcare , infrastructure etc . 
 [HASHTAG] : I agree- To all Americans , I see you I hear you . I am your voice . Vote to [HASHTAG] with me on 118 . [URL] 
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time ! Big victory for fairness and for our country . Great victory for consumers and retailers . 
I never said give teachers guns like was stated on Fake News [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . What I said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best . 20 of teachers , a lot , would now be able to
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA ... They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic . With all of the money they make from the U . S ., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours , at least until Congress changes our immigration laws ! 
Very importantly , [HANDLE] will win for the Republicans in November ... and his opponent will not . Remember Alabama . We cant take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat ! 
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
Today , the U . S . flag flies at half-staff at the [HANDLE] , in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day . [URL] [URL] 
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today , first step toward massive tax cuts . I think we have the votes , but who knows ? 
I will be on Morning ' s with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours . 
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4 . Analysts predict economic boom for 2018 ! [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] 
Billions of dollars are , and will be , coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs . Great also for negotiations - if a country wont give us a fair Trade Deal , we will institute Tariffs on them . Used or not , jobs and businesses will be created . U . S . respected again ! 
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes ( where are E-mails DNC server ) Intel leakers ! 
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman , [HANDLE] . See you all then ! Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
The only people that dont like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep . Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public , words that I did not say but that he fabricated ( admitted to this fabrication ). Sick ! 
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team . Stephen Curry is hesitating , therefore invitation is withdrawn ! 
Incompetent Hillary , despite the horrible attack in Brussels today , wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in . No way ! 
Spoke w President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS , and 20 mile safe zone . Also spoke about economic development between the U . S . Turkey - great potential to substantially expand ! 
So I raisedgave 5 , 600 , 000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad ! They do anything to belittle - totally biased . 
Great rally in New Mexico , amazing crowd ! Now in L . A . Big rally in Anaheim . 
Iran has long been secretly enriching , in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration . Remember , that deal was to expire in a short number of years . Sanctions will soon be increased , substantially ! 
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister [HANDLE] on his HUGE election victory in Japan . Im looking forward to many more years of working together . See you in New York next week ! 
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS , or whatever she has been doing , for years . Now she has new ideas . It is time for change . 
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man , and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever , with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before ! 
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom , affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them . He is another all talk , no action pol ! 
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated . For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets , or seen your 401ks rise beyond your wildest expectations , more good news is coming ! 
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris . Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out . Must act quickly ! 
The Paris Agreement isnt working out so well for Paris . Protests and riots all over France . People do not want to pay large sums of money , much to third world countries ( that are questionably run ), in order to maybe protect the environment . Chanting We Want Trump ! Love France . 
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started , influenced and worked on , for an extended period of time , by former FBI AgentLover Peter Strzok ? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear ! 
It was a great honor to be with President [HANDLE] of France this afternoon with his delegation . Great bilateral meeting ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of [HANDLE] News ( he has been suspended ), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars ! 
Dont ever forget - this election is about YOU . It is about YOUR family , YOUR future , the fate of YOUR COUNTRY . We begin our campaign with the best record , the best results , the best agenda , the only positive VISION for our Countrys future ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story . I would NEVER mock disabled . Shame ! 
We are now leading in many polls , and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states ! 
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world , Rex Tillerson , Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil , to be Secretary of State . 
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR . STICK TOGETHER , PLAY THEIR GAME , AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS . OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE ! 
Diane Black of Tennessee , the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman , did a GREAT job in passing Budget , setting up big Tax Cuts
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall , shortly after the confirmation ( hopefully ) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court . I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service ! 
For all of the Fake News Reporters that dont have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers , China , etc ., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977 . Case closed ! 
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech . 45 . 6 million people watched , the highest number in history . [HANDLE] beat every other Network , for the first time ever , with 11 . 7 million people tuning in . Delivered from the heart ! 
 [HANDLE] : I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states . I was SO HAPPY ! I really adore you Mr . Trump , so much . 
I am now going to the brand new Trump International , Hotel D . C . for a major statement . 
I am grateful to be here today w Members of the House Senate who have poured their time , heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform . Working together w my Admin over the last two years , these members have reached a bipartisan agreement ... [URL] 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ . students in FL . attack ads- who submitted " excellent " reviews . [URL] 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] for being number one in inauguration ratings . They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS [HANDLE] - public is smart ! 
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult . We will not stand for this . Watch ! 
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49 , a far better number than I had in winning the Election , and higher than certain sacred cows . Other Trump polls are way up also . So why does the media refuse to write this ? Oh well , someday ! 
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country , remove those Barriers Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U . S . A . Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street ! 
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt . Its about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts . How and why did this terrible event begin ? Never Forget ! 
Crooked Hillary ' s bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand . Dem pols said no way , dumb ! 
Going to Charleston , South Carolina , in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs ! Look forward to it . 
Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH . They just invested 3 . 1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U . S . EVER from a South Korean company , thousands more jobs for Americans . Great partners like ROK know the U . S . economy is running stronger than ever ! [URL] 
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant ? Filthy language and a total loss of control . He shouldnt be allowed to have any weapon . Hes nuts ! 
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big ... we will soon see ! 
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS , the greatest anywhere in the World ! 
Leaving for Turning Point USA . Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet . See you there ! 
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on [HANDLE] at 8 : 00 P . M ., right after the great Lou Dobbs ! 
Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W . H . Council . 
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago . Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted ! 
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey , including the fact that he should be fired , but now they play so sad ! 
 . [HANDLE] loves to lie . America has had enough of the CLINTON ' S ! It is time to [HASHTAG] ! Debates [URL] 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi ! Wow , and with all that money spent against me ! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now ! 
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been . Companies doing really well , and moving back to America , and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years . 
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT , who could not stop Obama ( twice ), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of ' s in false ads ! 
We cannot have what happened to this President happen again . Joe DiGenova . It is time for Justice to come barreling in . [HANDLE] Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World , the Witch Hunt , though on a respirator , is still whimpering along . A disgrace ! 
The failing [HANDLE] , which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win ( apologized ), is totally inept ! 
A must read , Andy McCarthys column today , Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe . The greatest Scam in political history . If the Mainstream Media were honest , which they are not , this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate . Someday ! 
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City . Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene . THANK YOU for all you do 247365 ! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all . 
Can you believe that Ted Cruz , who has been killing our country on trade for so long , just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade ? 
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe , but he never took notes when he was with me . I dont believe he made memos except to help his own agenda , probably at a later date . Same with lying James Comey . Can we call them Fake Memos ? 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women ' s Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the [HANDLE] . [URL] 
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice , France . We pledge our solidarity with France against terror . [URL] 
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn , the leader of Britains Labour Party , to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson , especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U . K . has been looking for , will prove to be a great one ! Love U . K . 
Congratulations to the Great ( and my friend ) Roger Penske on winning his 18th ( UNBELIEVABLE !) Indianapolis 500 . I am in Japan , very early in the morning , but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport . I will see them both , TEAM , at the WH ! 
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders " political revolution ." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure , wants it all to end ! 
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute . THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Wow , Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters , millions of amazing , hard working people . I think it will cost her at the Polls ! 
If Russia , or some other entity , was hacking , why did the White House wait so long to act ? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost ? 
Look where the world is today , a total mess , and ISIS is still running around wild . I can fix it fast , Hillary has no chance ! 
So General Michael Flynns life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book ( that should never have been written ). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work ? I dont think so ! 
In the first hours after hearing that North Koreas leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end , the press was startled amazed . They couldnt believe it . But by the following morning the news became FAKE . They said so what , who cares ! 
 . [HANDLE] will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia , and the friendships benefits that will endure for years to come ! 
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great . The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasnt seen in decades . Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years , perhaps ever . Unemployment numbers best in 51 years . Wow ! 
We protect the countries of the Middle East , they would not be safe for very long without us , and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices ! We will remember . The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now ! 
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act . Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States . I watched the tapes of AAP Rocky , and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers . Treat Americans fairly ! [HASHTAG] 
Congratulations to Prime Minister [HANDLE] and his BJP party on their BIG election victory ! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm . I look forward to continuing our important work together ! 
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats ... totally abandoned ! Republicans are still working hard . 
Ill never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership , those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues , medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune . But the members love Trump . They look at our record economy , tax reg cuts , military etc . WIN ! 
will only get higher . Car companies and others , if they want to do business in our country , have to start making things here again . WIN ! 
Very sad day night in Paris . Maybe its time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes ? The U . S . was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year ! 
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide ( every poll ), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support ! 
20 , 00021 , 00022 , 000 23 , 000this year ... FOUR one thousand milestones this year ..." [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Yes , Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice ... but at least he tried hard ! 
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now . Great new Ohio poll out- thank you ! OHIO NBCWSJMARIST POLL Trump 42 Clinton 41
The Liberal Left , also known as the Democrats , want to get rid of ICE , who do a fantastic job , and want Open Borders . Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable ! Make America Great Again
Great job once again by law enforcement ! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them , we don ' t have a country ! 
 [HANDLE] : TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE .... HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN , INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT . 
On behalf of the United States , congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand . Such a beautiful moment - all freed , great job ! 
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization . Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal . She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first ! 
Sorry , but this is years ago , before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign . But why aren ' t Crooked Hillary the Dems the focus ????? 
Will be on Hannity tonight . Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh , PA . 8 : 00pm on FOX . Enjoy ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary ' s negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity . 
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers , way up ! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past . 
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY ! If there were no serious consequences , our country would be overrun with people trying to get in , and our system could not handle it ! 
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them , especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding . Now they say Impeach President Trump , even though he did nothin wrong , while they fish ! 
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists , no ideas or votes , only obstruction . It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators ! 
Failed presidential candidate [HANDLE] was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid didn ' t release his tax returns until 92112 . 
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades . Because of the Dems , our Immigration Laws are BAD . Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U . S ., have for decades , they can easily fix this problem . Time for them to finally do what must be done ! 
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies , doors and windows ( badly needs a paint job ) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders . I always had a rule , if a restaurant is dirty on the outside , it is dirty on the inside ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton . Vote for Liberty ! Vote for [HANDLE] 
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me . We will save ' s and have much better healthcare ! 
The opinion of this so-called judge , which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! 
Here is another CNN lie . The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility . Im not watching it much anymore . [URL] 
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn ' t have a clue . No wonder he lost ! 
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers , Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years . Total disgrace ! 
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on [HANDLE] for grading year one of my presidency with an A-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements . Working hard ! 
The journey to [HASHTAG] began [HANDLE] 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year . See you at [HASHTAG] ! 
I am extremely pleased to see that [HANDLE] has finally been exposed as [HASHTAG] and garbage journalism . It ' s about time ! 
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law . GROWTH ! 
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption . America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
If [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts reform . 
Serious voter fraud in Virginia , New Hampshire and California - so why isn ' t the media reporting on this ? Serious bias - big problem ! 
The [HASHTAG] , sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes ( which they should ) is FAKE NEWS ! 
I would have done even better in the election , if that is possible , if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Buy American hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda , which is : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Thank you [HANDLE] . 
Thank you Naples , Florida ! Get out and VOTE [HASHTAG] on 118 . Lets [HASHTAG] ! Full Naples rally [URL] 
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America . Home of the free , because of the brave . [HASHTAG] 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9 : 00 P . M . The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father , shot at by a Palestinian terrorist , was killed while : [URL] 
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine . That is the message I am here to deliver today . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Today , we gathered for Diwali , a holiday observed by Buddhists , Sikhs , and Jains throughout the United States around the world . Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year . [URL] [URL] 
General John Allen , who I never met but spoke against me last night , failed badly in his fight against ISIS . His record BAD [HASHTAG] 
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast . These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed , and in November they ratchet up to yet another level . Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States . I am asking for WORLD PEACE , nothing less ! 
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries , I asked Ivanka to hold seat . Very standard . Angela M agrees ! 
Iranian Harassment of U . S . Warships : 2015 : 22 2016 : 36 2017 : 14 2018 : 0 Source : [HANDLE] 
Eric , we are all with you and your family ! Look forward to seeing you back on T . V . [URL] 
I hope John Brennan , the worst CIA Director in our countrys history , brings a lawsuit . It will then be very easy to get all of his records , texts , emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did , but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt . He wont sue ! 
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent , they are voting on desperately needed Border Security the Wall . Our Country is being invaded with Drugs , Human Traffickers , Criminals of all shapes and sizes . Thats what this vote is all about . STAY UNITED ! 
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan . Steve joined me after I won the primaries , but I loved working with him ! [URL] 
I have known Al for 25 years . Went to fights with him Don King , always got along well . He loved Trump ! He would ask me for favors often . Al is a con man , a troublemaker , always looking for a score . Just doing his thing . Must have intimidated ComcastNBC . Hates Whites Cops ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] : Trump-Russia ' collusion ' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history [URL] 
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter . So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try ! 
Wow , great news from Wisconsin . Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight . Thank you ! [URL] 
Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope , but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream . All the economic indicators , whats happening overseas , Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama . President Trump is delivering the American Dream . Jason Chaffetz
Today , I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the [HASHTAG] . A grea [URL] 
Wow , just announced that Lyin ' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination . DESPERATION ! 
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again . He said he could only stick to the Report , that is what he would and must do . After so much testimony total transparency , this Witch Hunt must now end . No more Do Overs . No Collusion , No Obstruction . The Great Hoax is dead ! 
 [HANDLE] : Full Speech : Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA ( 1-23-16 ) [URL] via [HANDLE] One of his best ever
I cancelled today ' s meeting with the failing [HANDLE] when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment . Not nice
Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] ( 9 : 00 PM ). Will play my full statement from Air Force One ! 
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me ( unfortunately ). He had other clients also . He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying fraud . He did bad things unrelated to Trump . He is lying in order to reduce his prison time . Using Crookeds lawyer ! 
Praying for everyone in Florida . Hoping the hurricane dissipates , but in any event , please be careful . 
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires . I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials . THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work ! [URL] 
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs TRILLIONS in wealth . We are on the cusp of a true ene [URL] 
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district , and Baltimore itself , perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership . His radical oversight is a joke ! 
Another horrific attack , this time in Nice , France . Many dead and injured . When will we learn ? It is only getting worse . 
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential ? I don ' t think so ! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back . ISIS LAUGHS ! 
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril . If something happens blame him and court system . People pouring in . Bad ! 
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates . I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed . 
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea . There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen ! 
Just out : The big deal , very mysterious Don jr telephone calls , after the innocent Trump Tower meeting , that the media Dems said were made to his father ( me ), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me . They were made to friends business associates of Don . Really sad ! 
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening , all the way back to the Washington Monument ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form . Very low interest loans , scam ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people . 
Poll numbers are starting to look very good . Leading in Florida [HANDLE] Arizona and big jump in Utah . All numbers rising , national way up . Wow ! 
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you ! You can join me now . Thank you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Thank you [HANDLE] Florida . Keep me updated , and lets get those 100 , 000 registered voters ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Happy [HASHTAG] to all of our HEROES out there . We are forever grateful to you for your service , sacrifice and courage 247365 ! [URL] 
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage , hour by hour , of networks like NBC Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live . It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials . Should be tested in courts , cant be legal ? Only defame belittle ! Collusion ? 
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty , who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan , will be running for the U . S . Senate . He is strong on crime , borders our 2nd A . Loves our Military our Vets . Has my Complete Total Endorsement ! 
 . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] were all set to have a BIG victory , until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09 . Now you will hear them barely talk about , or cover , the race . Fake News never wins ! 
Former [HANDLE] editor Jill Abramson rips paper ' s unmistakably anti-Trump bias . Ms . Abramson is 100 correct . Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write . Hence the term Fake News , Enemy of the People , and Opposition Party ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties . The WORLD is now watching closely ! 
Because the economy is so good , General Motors must get their Lordstown , Ohio , plant open , maybe in a different form or with a new owner , FAST ! Toyota is investing 13 . 5 Billion in U . S ., others likewise . G . M . MUST ACT QUICKLY . Time is of the essence ! 
Hopefully , all supporters , and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , will go to D . C . on January 20th . It will be a GREAT SHOW ! 
If you want to protect criminal aliens VOTE DEMOCRAT . If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans VOTE REPUBLICAN ! [URL] [URL] 
Hillary Clinton ' s weakness while she was Secretary of State , has emboldened terrorists all over the world .. cont : [URL] 
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered , even by the Left . Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I . Q . individuals ! 
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States . From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization . Wont be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while ! 
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close . Sad ! 
Good news : Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville , Alabama , plant which will produce over 300 , 000 cars and SUVs a year and employ 4000 people . Companies are coming back to the U . S . in a very big way . Congratulations Alabama ! 
Gas prices are the lowest in the U . S . in over ten years ! I would like to see them go even lower . 
AP-NORC POLL : Immigration among the top concerns in 2019 . People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border . Want Border Security ! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now , rather than later . The wait is costly and dangerous ! 
90 of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico our Southern Border . 80 , 000 people died last year , 1 , 000 , 000 people ruined . This has gone on for many years nothing has been done about it . We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico . Its time ! 
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been , she would lose ! 
The failing [HANDLE] wrote yet another hit piece on me . All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women , they found nothing . A joke ! 
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country ! 
China , which is a great economic power , is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization . They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages , especially over the U . S . Does anybody think this is fair . We were badly represented . The WTO is unfair to U . S . 
Whats completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews , in this case Stephen Miller . Jeff Ballabon , B2 Strategic , CEO . [HANDLE] 
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem . Congratulations to all ! 
Now with our new deal , Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats . In fact , the Democrats are doing NOTHING , they want Open Borders , which means Illigal Immigration , Drugs and Crime . 
We did it ! Thank you to all of my great supporters , we just officially won the election ( despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media ). 
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U . S . is not stopped and brought back to Honduras , no more money or aid will be given to Honduras , effective immediately ! 
We have today informed the countries of Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens , or others , to journey through their borders and up to the United States , with the intention of entering our country illegally , all payments made to them will STOP ( END )! 
Don ' t believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment . Dishonest people ! 
In times of tragedy , the bonds that sustain us are those of family , faith , community , and country . These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need . [URL] [URL] 
Cant believe they are bringing in John Dean , the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor . No Collusion - No Obstruction ! Democrats just want a do-over which theyll never get ! 
On behalf of all Americans , I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year . [URL] [URL] 
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office , hopefully in 6 years . They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune , even now , especially after their massive unfunded liability . Im fairly certain theyll endorse me just to keep it all going ! 
 . [HANDLE] thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race , someone will pick up ALL of that vote . The fact is I will get much of it ! 
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed . No more guns to protect Hillary ! 
The [HANDLE] report on potential VP candidates is wrong . Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration . 
Thank you Brian Krzanich , CEO of [HANDLE] . A great investment ( 7 BILLION ) in American INNOVATION and JOBS ! [URL] 
The Lisa Page ( FBI ) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed . Catherine Herridge , [HANDLE] In other words they appointed someone when there was ( and is ) no crime . Bad ! 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA , GROW in AMERICA , and HIRE in AMERICA ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada . Danny worked hard an got a great result . Looking good in November ! 
Wow ! Big VICTORY on the Wall . The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction , allows Southern Border Wall to proceed . Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law ! 
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149 . Great for our Military and our Vets . A big thank you ! 
A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS ...." [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Mississippi , Vote for [HANDLE] on Tuesday . Respected by all . We need her in Washington !. Thanks ! 
New Poll : The Rasmussen Poll , one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election , has just announced that Trump numbers have recently gone up by four points , to 50 . Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen . America will never buy your act ! [HASHTAG] 
At 9 : 00 P . M . [HANDLE] , of all places , is doing a Special Report on my daughter , Ivanka . Considering it is CNN , can ' t imagine it will be great ! 
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn ' t mean I think it can happen . It can ' t-but a ceasefire can , did ! 
Great bilateral meeting with President [HANDLE] of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship . Such an honor to be in Switzerland ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country . The Bill is getting better and better . This is a once in a generation chance . Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit ! 
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who , together with Nancy Pelosi , have established a fine leadership team . They should always stay together and lead the Democrats , who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime , well into the future .... and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres . 
Baltimores numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy . Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years , but to no avail . The money was stolen or wasted . Ask Elijah Cummings where it went . He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee ! 
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida ? Hope this is false . 
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel . They are also working with North Korea . Not much of an agreement we have ! 
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State . The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people , including the Ambassador to Germany . They are maxing out the time on approval process for all , never happened before . Need more Republicans ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP ! 
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship . He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change , on trade and far beyond , between our two great Nations . A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL ! 
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place was written as nastily as possible by 13 ( 18 ) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters , including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself , the end result is No Collusion , No Obstruction ! 
Just met John James of Michigan . He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan . When the people of Michigan get to know John , they will say he is a true star . Also , distinguished Military and a Combat Vet ! [URL] 
Democrats , please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi . She is a wonderful person whose ideas policies may be bad , but who should definitely be given a 4th chance . She is trying very hard has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz is weak losing big , so now he wants to debate again . But , according to Drudge , Time and on-line polls , I have won all debates
Busy day planned in New York . Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government ! 
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER , and much more . Stop illegal immigration . Watch Wednesday ! 
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks . She is unfit to run . 
We are building the Wall now , but the reason the badly needed Wall wasnt approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate , needed 9 Democrat votes . They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us , want Open Borders ! 
 . [HANDLE] just wrote a book which everyone is talking about . He was a great help . He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond . He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times . The book is called , What Really Happened . Enjoy ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate . Tune in ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Many people are equating BREXIT , and what is going on in Great Britain , with what is happening in the U . S . People want their country back ! 
No matter what she says , Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri ! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator ! 
Veterans on President Trumps handling of Border Security - 62 Approval Rating . On being a strong leader - 59 . AP Poll . Thank you ! 
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee . I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact . 
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the RussiaCIA card . It would be called conspiracy theory ! 
Join me in Denver , Colorado tonight at 9 : 30pm : [URL] NEW- Scranton , Pennsylvania Monday @ 5 : 30pm : [URL] 
Just arrived in Italy for the G7 . Trip has been very successful . We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs . 
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION . These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones bc they were killed by criminal illegal aliens . These are the families the media ignores ... [URL] 
In presidential voting so far , John Kasich is ZERO for 22 . So why would he be a good candidate ? Hillary would beat him , I will beat Hillary ! 
So much SPIRIT in LA ! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives . An honor to spend time w [HANDLE] , [HASHTAG] the [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nations new ICE Director , Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director . Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law ! [HASHTAG] 
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon ! [HASHTAG] - Joint Press Conference [URL] 
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service . It was an honor to be with them tonight in D . C . [URL] 
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont ' d : [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Huckabee is a good man ... but he needs to get behind [HANDLE] " I agree ! 
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard , run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol ( who , like many others , never had a clue ), is flat broke and out of business . Too bad . May it rest in peace ! 
Thank you Toledo , Ohio ! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8 , 2016 ! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE [URL] 
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U . S . massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers . The EU trade surplus with the U . S . is 151 Billion , and Canada keeps our farmers and others out . Look forward to seeing them tomorrow . 
I want to thank the [HANDLE] for your devotion to our fallen heroes , unknown soldiers , Prisoners of War , those Missing in Action , and their families . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Great to be back on track with the European Union . This was a big day for free and fair trade ! 
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television , Don Lemon . He made Lebron look smart , which isnt easy to do . I like Mike ! 
Death spiral ! ' Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 , citing expected losses on INDV plans this year ' [URL] 
I will be interviewed by [HANDLE] at 4 : 00 P . M . ( prior to the [HASHTAG] Pre-game Show ) on Fox Network . Enjoy ! 
Great night in Denver , Colorado- thank you ! Together , we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] watch rally here : [URL] 
It wasn ' t Donald Trump that divided this country , this country has been divided for a long time !" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham . 
We ALL must be united condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one ! 
Don ' t believe the main stream ( fake news ) media . The White House is running VERY WELL . I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it . 
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis . We won ' t forget what happened to our GREAT VETS . Choice is vital , but the program needs work is running out of . Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve . I will sign immediately ! 
Great evening with President [HANDLE] Mrs . Macron . Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner . Relationship with France stronger than ever . [URL] 
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways . Great jobs numbers , with a record setting December . We are rebuilding our military . Vets finally have Choice Accountability . Economy GDP are strong . Tax Reg cuts historic . Trade deals great . But we MUST fix our Southern Border ! 
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today . It only seems to get worse . So much Fake News ! 
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland . Turnberry came out magnificently . My son , Eric , did a great job - under budget ! 
Wow , the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess . But fear not , the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn ! 
Today I signed the Veterans ( OUR HEROES ) Choice Program Extension Improvement Act @ the [HANDLE] . [HASHTAG] Watch [URL] 
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne , Florida w 15 , 000 supporters- and an additional 12 , 000 who could not get in . Tha [URL] 
Really dumb [HANDLE] . Begged my people for a job . Turned her down twice and she went hostile . Major loser , zero credibility ! 
China Trade Deal ( and more ) in advanced stages . Relationship between our two Countries is very strong . I have therefore agreed to delay U . S . tariff hikes . Lets see what happens ? 
I opposed going into Iraq . Hillary voted for it . As with everything else she ' s supported , it was a DISASTER . [URL] 
Wishing [HANDLE] Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends ! Happy [HASHTAG] 
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is , obviously , a very poor and troubled country . Never said take them out . Made up by Dems . I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians . Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately , no trust ! 
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night . The problem is , he is a choker , and once a choker , always a choker ! Mr . Meltdown . 
So funny that The New York Times The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage ( 100 NEGATIVE and FAKE !) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion ! So , they were either duped or corrupt ? In any event , their prizes should be taken away by the Committee ! 
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts , when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [URL] It ' s time we take America back ! No more puppet presidents ! [HASHTAG] " So true ! 
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses . This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of , and now it is the rage . Merry Christmas ! 
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform : Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than 1 BILLION in Michigan plant , relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan , adding 2 , 500 new jobs and paying 2 , 000 bonus to U . S . employees ! [URL] 
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job ! 
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying , her story was totally made up , or FAKE ! Can you imagine if he didnt become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements . What about the others ? Where are the Dems on this ? 
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade , but if I win , all of the bad things happening in the U . S . will be rapidly reversed ! 
The only way to stop drugs , gangs , human trafficking , criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier . Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun , but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works ! 
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re : MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage , New York . Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives ! [URL] 
The third mass attack ( slaughter ) in days by ISIS . 200 dead in Baghdad , worst in many years . We do not have leadership that can stop this ! 
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for . Honor him for being the great man that he was ! 
Military solutions are now fully in place , locked and loaded , should North Korea act unwisely . Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path ! 
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security . With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier , Crime Rates ( and Drugs ) will go substantially down all over the U . S . The Dems know this but want to play political games . Must finally be done correctly . No Cave ! 
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad . Lindsey Graham , Romney , Flake , Sass . SUPREME COURT , REMEMBER ! 
The Woodward book is a scam . I dont talk the way I am quoted . If I did I would not have been elected President . These quotes were made up . The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle . I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT ! 
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting ( and fun ). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses . Love it ! 
 . [HANDLE] has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah . He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to [HANDLE] , and has my full support and endorsement ! 
California wildfires are being magnified made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which arent allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized . It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean . Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading ! 
Im very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election . Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me , they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats . They definitely dont want Trump ! 
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL FarmAgricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years ! 
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton ! Democrat Primaries are rigged , e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on ! 
History lesson : Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln . For one , his nickname is Hone [URL] 
Today , [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister [HANDLE] and Mrs . Turnbull of Australia to the [HANDLE] ! Press Conference : [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [URL] You ' re the only candidate we can trust , other candidates are controlled by their donors ! [HASHTAG] 
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands . Vote now ( today ), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Melania , our great and very hard working First Lady , who truly loves what she is doing , always thought that if you run , you will win . She would tell everyone that , no doubt , he will win . I also felt I would win ( or I would not have run ) - and Country is doing great ! 
Wow - Now experts are calling [HASHTAG] a once in 500 year flood ! We have an all out effort going , and going well ! 
Thank you to the great [HANDLE] , perhaps the greatest running back of all time , for your wonderful words and support . Since our meeting in New York , African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY . You get it ! 
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer . He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done . Good news ! 
So many false and phony T . V . commercials being broadcast in Indiana . Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide ! 
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully . NOT ! 
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia . His opponent doesn ' t even show up to meetingswork , and will be VERY weak on crime ! 
Collusion is not a crime , but that doesnt matter because there was No Collusion ( except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats )! 
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan . Working on Trade and Military Security . 
 . [HANDLE] - Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally . Greatly appreciated ! 
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend , [HANDLE] Jim Justice , at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort . He works hard , does a great job , and raises lots of money for charities ! 
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : We are Standing with you ! Spreading the Word ... Trump for President 2016 !! I wake sleep praying for you the USA ! Israel2
Brian Kemp , who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement , is campaigning tonight with [HANDLE] . Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders , LOVES our Military , Vets and the 2nd Amendment . He will be a GREAT Governor ! 
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , CFPB . A big win for the Consumer ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] Jim Justice . It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake Corrupt Russia Investigation , headed up by the all Democrat loyalists , or people that worked for Obama . Mueller is most conflicted of all ( except Rosenstein who signed FISA Comey letter ). No Collusion , so they go crazy ! 
Alex Baldwin , whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL , now says playing DJT was agony for him . Alex , it was also agony for those who were forced to watch . You were terrible . Bring back Darrell Hammond , much funnier and a far greater talent ! 
Washed up psycho [HANDLE] was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make your great president look really bad . She got caught , just like the Fake News Media gets caught . A sick scammer ! 
Just started , tonight , our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh . He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court ! 
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office ( along with other potential candidates ) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI . He had already been in that position for 12 years , I told him NO . The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest . NICE ! 
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist . We must get tough . [URL] 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the [HANDLE] today . Amazing job ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] is reviewing the week , but majority of the show about [HANDLE] cuz there would be 0 . 0 ratings if not . Media ' s a JOKE
Our economy is the best in the world , by far . Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories . Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed . Import prices down , China eating Tariffs . Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in . Great future for USA ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him " Great ! 
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Testers statements on Admiral Jackson are not true . There were no such findings . A horrible thing that we in D . C . must live with , just like phony Russian Collusion . Tester should lose race in Montana . Very dishonest and sick ! 
Thank you to the Governor of Florida , Rick Scott , for your endorsement . I greatly appreciate your support ! 
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U . S . tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election . 
Democrats just blocked [HANDLE] from holding a debate . Good , then I think Ill do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates ! 
Thank you to the Republican National Committee , ( the RNC ), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election . Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years , this should be easy . More great things now in the works ! 
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety Security on the very dangerous Southern Border . Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts , and what they are doing for our booming economy . 
Charles McCullough , the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General , said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails . Emails endangered National Security . Why arent our deep State authorities looking at this ? Rigged corrupt ? [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U . S . Korean War remains are returned to American soil . Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done . A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute ! 
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson ( D ), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call , and gave a total lie on content ! 
Wow ! I hear you Warren , Michigan . Streaming live - join us America . It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP ! Watch : [URL] 
Our Social Media ( and beyond ) Stars , [HANDLE] , are terrific people who are doing really well . We are all very proud of them , and their great success ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] trump won the debate . Disgusting Rubio said " peed " - is he still in junior high school . 
The Fake News Media is going Crazy ! They make up stories without any backup , sources or proof . Many of the stories written about me , and the good people surrounding me , are total fiction . Problem is , when you complain you just give them more publicity . But Ill complain anyway ! 
Fake News reporting , a complete fabrication , that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son , Donald , had in Trump Tower . This was a meeting to get information on an opponent , totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere . I did not know about it ! 
Closely monitoring [HASHTAG] from Camp David . We are leaving nothing to chance . City , State and Federal Govs . working great together ! 
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors ? Our country was humiliated . 
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt . On behalf of the United States , I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship . 
Cryin ' Chuck Schumer stated recently , " I do not have confidence in him ( James Comey ) any longer ." Then acts so indignant . [HASHTAG] 
In 2018 alone , 20 , 000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border , and there was a 122 increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry . Last month alone , more than 20 , 000 minors were smuggled into the U . S . [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] A solid interview and a fair one . Great job Mr . Trump . Keep up the good work . [HASHTAG] 
Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment . In June , for instance , the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4 . 6 , its lowest level ever , from 4 . 9 in May . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Kudos to [HANDLE] for standing up to CNN ' s attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] bias
Report just out : China hacked Hillary Clintons private Email Server . Are they sure it wasnt Russia ( just kidding !)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this ? Actually , a very big story . Much classified information ! 
Required television watching is last weeks [HANDLE] interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the [HANDLE] interview with a Jerome Corsi . If that doesnt tell you something about what has been going on in our Country , nothing will . Very sad ! 
Bill Clinton is right : Obamacare is ' crazy ', ' doesn ' t work ' and ' doesn ' t make sense '. Thanks Bill for telling the truth . 
My heart prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible [HASHTAG] tragedy . This madness must be stopped , and I will stop it . 
A budget that puts [HASHTAG] must make safety its no . 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity : [URL] 
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly . Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history ! 
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border . Tuesday night at 9 : 00 P . M . Eastern . 
You are always there for us THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE . Thank you to our police , thank you to our sheriffs , and thank you to our law enforcement families . God Bless you all , and GOD BLESS AMERICA ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
If Republicans don ' t Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare , the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand ! 
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department . Clearly the Clintons do ." [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh , a very good man . [HANDLE] 100 correct , and they should be fully exposed for what they are ! 
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now ! Some people come in , and they bring their whole family with them , who can be truly evil . NOT ACCEPTABLE ! [URL] 
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues , two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold , Democrats and Russians ! 
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian ' s National Museum of African American History and Culture ... A great job done by amazing people ! 
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep . Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress , and has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Strong on Crime , Second Amendment , Military , Vets , and Healthcare . He will do a fantastic job ! 
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new [HANDLE] Administrator . She will be replacing Linda McMahon , who has done an outstanding job . Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet ! 
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans : You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you dont get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved . 
We must always protect those who protect us . Today , it was my great honor to sign the [HASHTAG] and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land ! [URL] [URL] 
Ron [HANDLE] DeSantis is working hard . A great Congressman and top student at Harvard Yale , Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida . Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on . His opponent runs one of the worst most corrupt cities in USA ! 
The Failing [HANDLE] story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue , bad reporting , and the paper is embarrassed by it . The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out . Corrupt Media ! 
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade . I have an idea for them . Both the U . S . and the E . U . drop all Tariffs , Barriers and Subsidies ! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade ! Hope they do it , we are ready - but they wont ! 
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court . 98 approval rating by students . Easy win
Word is that , despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads , I had a massive victory in Florida . Numbers out soon ! 
 . [HANDLE] is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC . Not funny , cast is terrible , always a complete hit job . Really bad television ! 
 [HASHTAG] Obama ' s third term , which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below . [URL] 
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention [HASHTAG] over Crooked Hillary and DEMS . 
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary , who tried so hard , was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D . C . She was forced to go elsewhere
Our great VPE , [HANDLE] , is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate . John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington . 
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA . Many firms are leaving China for other countries , including the United States , in order to avoid paying the Tariffs . No visible increase in costs or inflation , but U . S . is taking in Billions ! 
 . [HANDLE] has worked so hard on Tax Reductions , Illegal Immigration , the Border and Crime . I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio , and has my full endorsement ! 
Greg Murphy won big , 62 to 37 , in North Carolina 03 , the Fake News barely covered the race . The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory . So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight , Greg Dan ! 
Big progress at the Border , but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good ! End the Loopholes and much more . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense . Same with The View . 
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill , which essentially Repeals ( over time ) ObamaCare , the Democrats Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan ! 
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left . Thats why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020 . The Fake News just doesnt want to report the facts . Border Security is a big factor . The under construction Wall will stop Gangs , Drugs and Crime ! 
Great crowd in Fletcher , North Carolina- thank you ! Heading to Johnstown , Pennsylvania now ! Get out on November 8th [URL] 
Thank you Charlotte , North Carolina ! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th ... because this is all [URL] 
Wow , more than 90 of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative , with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories . Hence my use of Social Media , the only way to get the truth out . Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke ! [HANDLE] 
Hillary ' s vision is a borderless world where working people have no power , no jobs , no safety . 
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats . The problem is , they forgot to campaign in numerous states ! 
Scott Walker is 100 correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab . They play very dirty , actually , like never before . Dont allow them to get away with what they are doing ! 
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell , and many other Democrats , wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China , which has had its worst Economic year in memory ( and getting worse ). We are taking in Billions . Will be big for Farmers and ALL ! 
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare . How about taking care of American Citizens first !? Thats the end of that race ! 
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall , write them off as just another politician following the party line . Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have , at the same time , far greater safety and control ! 
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea . Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs , saying that they are individuals must be nurtured , or asking to end your big Tax Cuts raise your taxes instead . Dems have lost touch ! 
Speaking to Governor [HANDLE] of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop ( [HANDLE] ) running for Congress . Vote tomorrow ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Great book just out , " A Place Called Heaven ," by Dr . Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man ! 
Our Native American Senator , goofy Elizabeth Warren , couldnt care less about the American workerdoes nothing to help ! 
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election , and beyond . This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military , but much waste in order to get Dem votes . Fortunately , DACA not included in this Bill , negotiations to start now ! 
I had a great meeting with NATO . They have paid 33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future , only because of me . NATO was weak , but now it is strong again ( bad for Russia ). The media only says I was rude to leaders , never mentions the money ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment . No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] for your amazing help and support . Big win , leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada . The people of South Carolina got it ! 
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on [HANDLE] Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET . Anchored by [HANDLE] . [HANDLE] 
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters . They are not happy that he is selling out ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough . Now Romney wants to do it again . 
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody ( and every thing ) but herself for her election loss . She lost the debates and lost her direction ! 
CNNS slogan is CNN , THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS . Everyone knows this is not true , that this could , in fact , be a fraud on the American Public . There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN . Their slogan should be CNN , THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS ! 
Why would Texans vote for " liar " Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada , lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation ! 
General James " Mad Dog " Mattis , who is being considered for Secretary of Defense , was very impressive yesterday . A true General ' s General ! 
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house . I love the Great State of Arizona . Not a fan of Jeff Flake , weak on crime border ! 
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today . Military and economy are getting stronger by the day , and our enemies know it . [HASHTAG] 
Bruce Ohr of the Justice Department ( can you believe he is still there ) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele find dirt on Trump . Ohrs wife , Nelly , was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier . [HANDLE] 
Todays Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Thank you Ohio ! Together , we made history and now , the real work begins . America will start winning again ! [URL] 
The [HANDLE] quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories . Don ' t buy , boring ! 
I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense , Patrick Shanahan , will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1 , 2019 . Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy , previously Boeing . He will be great ! 
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and [HANDLE] , Ernie Els , and had a great time . Japan is very well represented ! 
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats . Very unfair to them ! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall . 
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief ! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy ! 
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon . Great discussions on the challenges opportunities facing our nations today . [URL] 
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media . They are not supposed to be doing that , and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News , they put their own spin on it - truth doesnt matter to them ! 
If ObamaCare is hurting people , it is , why shouldn ' t it hurt the insurance companies why should Congress not be paying what public pays ? 
If U . C . Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS ? 
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial . It will be well worth the trip and wait . See you there at 6 : 00 P . M . Amazing music and bands . Thank you ARMY ! 
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER , not weaker . Just sit back and watch ! In the meantime , China should not renegotiate deals with the U . S . at the last minute . This is not the Obama Administration , or the Administration of Sleepy Joe , who let China get away with murder ! 
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U . S . Virgin Islands who stated that [HASHTAG] and Military are doing a GREAT job ! Thank you Governor ! 
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] . Enjoy ! 
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the [HANDLE] yesterday . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] [URL] 
I am in Japan at the G-20 , representing our Country well , but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie . One is exhausted , the other is nuts - so whats the big deal ? 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Jeb is incompetent and will lose , don ' t waste your energy on that cry baby ! 
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out . Many of these polls are fixed , or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad . Internal polling looks great , the best ever ! 
I am in New Hampshire having a great time ! Loved the [HASHTAG] last night ! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
The FBI , local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton , Ohio . Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton . Much has already be learned in El Paso . Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances . Updates will be given throughout the day ! 
After spending 40 Million Dollars , reviewing 1 . 4 million pages of documents , interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House , the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats , so they want a DO OVER . It doesnt work that way-so bad for our Country ! 
As your President , I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people . [URL] 
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind . Also , much easier quicker to do . Our Farmers will do better , faster , and starving nations can now be helped . Waivers on some products will be granted , or go to new source ! 
 . [HANDLE] ' s decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades . Our HEROES deserve the best ! [URL] 
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had " excessive expectations ," but I don ' t think so . After 7 years of hearing Repeal Replace , why not done ? 
Obama , Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea , and now weak on Crime , High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up . Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran , we dont need his advice ! 
Heading to Phoneix . Will be arriving soon . Tomorrow a big day . Tremendous crowds expected ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Leakin James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day . His Friday testimony was so untruthful ! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President . They are now exposed ! 
Word is that crying [HANDLE] left the GOP and doesn ' t have the right to vote in the Republican primary . Dumb as a rock . 
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda ! He is tough on Crime , Strong on Borders , and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment . Jim will never let you down . He has my Full and Complete Endorsement ! 
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it . If I lost-monster story ! 
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA , fully secures the border , ends chain migration cancels the visa lottery . If Ds oppose this deal , they arent serious about DACA-they just want open borders . [URL] 
Once again , we will have a government of , by and for the people . Join the MOVEMENT today ! [URL] [URL] 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D . C . politician that is all talk and no action . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off [URL] 
Crazy Maxine Waters , said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics , is rapidly becoming , together with Nancy Pelosi , the FACE of the Democrat Party . Her ranting and raving , even referring to herself as a wounded animal , will make people flee the Democrats ! 
This should have been taken care of years ago , the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now ! [URL] 
Congressman [HANDLE] of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done ! Really big help with Tax Cuts , the Military and our great Vets . He has my Total Endorsement ! 
I am at Camp David working on many things , including Iran ! We have a great Economy , Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN , on helping to make good Trade Deals . The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years ! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years ! 
Andrew McCabe FIRED , a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy . Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy . He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI ! 
On no issue are Democrats more extreme and more depraved than when it comes to Border Security . The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible . It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Great job on [HANDLE] tonight [HANDLE] [HANDLE] begged us for a job . We said no and she went hostile . A real dummy ! [HANDLE] 
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill . They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve . Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO . Not good ! 
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants ? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets ! 
We must end the Opioid Crisis . Do your part today by participating in prescription drug [HASHTAG] at over 4 , 000 locations across the Country ! [URL] [URL] 
Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel , the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany , at the [HASHTAG] in Biarritz , France ! [URL] 
It was my great honor to welcome Mayors from across America to the WH . My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best . Together , we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity ! [URL] [URL] 
I will be making a major statement from the [HANDLE] upon my return to D . C . Time and date to be set . 
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer , Dr . John Eastman , said the Special Prosecutor ( Mueller ) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place . The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal . The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U . S . again . A TOTAL SCAM ! [URL] 
On behalf of [HANDLE] Melania and I , THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing , President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan . We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning ! [URL] 
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to [HASHTAG] - now it ' s onto the House ! 
Californias sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk . Thousands of dangerous violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies , set free to prey on innocent Americans . THIS MUST STOP ! 
Thank you Pennsylvania . This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before ! [HASHTAG] on 11816- together , [URL] 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers , their families , and everybody at the [HANDLE] . [URL] 
Going to a Cabinet Meeting ( tele-conference ) at 11 : 00 A . M . on [HASHTAG] . Even experts have said they ' ve never seen one like this ! 
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded . Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled . Thank you , and it will get even ( much ) better ! [HANDLE] 
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high , close to breaking the all-time record . A big jump from last 8 years . People are excited about the USA again ! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger . WAY MORE TO GO ! 
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents ! 
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels . African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on ! 
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT ! [URL] 
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people ! Look forward to our next meeting . 
Irans Military Budget is up more than 40 since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached ... just another indicator that it was all a big lie . But not anymore ! 
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train , which is Billions over budget in total disarray . Time to reduce taxes in California ! 
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President . He was told about it and did nothing ! Most importantly , the vote was not affected . 
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country ! NO COLLUSION ! Border Coyotes , Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better . Who alerted CNN to be there ? 
Beto ORourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz , and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas . He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela ! 
Al-Shabbab , not ISIS , just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner if I speak out against them , which I must . Hillary lied ! 
Brad Blakeman : The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them . The Pesident says look , this is your neighborhood , youve got to stand up to protect yourselves . Dont always look to America . 
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison . There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia ! 
 . [HANDLE] is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger . Won ' t be that way if I win ! 
Kevin McCarthy [HANDLE] , The Presidents Tweets were not Racist . The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS . I will vote against this resolution . Thank you Kevin ! 
CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620 , 000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER 400 BILLION ." [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio . We need him in D . C . Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement ! 
Texas Louisiana : We are w you today , we are w you tomorrow , we will be w you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to restore , recover , REBUILD ! [URL] 
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again ! The Evangelicals in S . C . figured him out said no ! 
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda . Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall , end Catch Release , Visa Lottery and Chain , and go to Merit Based Immigration . Go for it ! WIN ! 
Honduras , Mexico and many other countries that the U . S . is very generous to , sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES . Caravans are heading here . Must pass tough laws and build the WALL . Democrats allow open borders , drugs and crime ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] thanks for sharing Eric we need [HANDLE] now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies . It is time to put [HASHTAG] 
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed ? So totally dishonest ! 
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isnt paying them enough . I think a really long strike would be a great idea . Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time ! Is [HANDLE] a registered lobbyist ? 
 [HANDLE] : Great news ! We ' ve been nominated for Ireland ' s Best Golf Hotel 2016 . We would appreciate your vote ! [URL] 
Thank you Senator [HANDLE] for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin ' Chuck Schumer . Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration ! 
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans ! 
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil . World Markets are fragile , price of Oil getting too high . Thank you ! 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC . [URL] 
When we have an infestation of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country , who do we send to get them out ? ICE ! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country . Dems do not appreciate the great job they do ! Nov . 
Stock Market at new all-time high ! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U . S . and its workers ! 
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud , just like Crooked Hillary ! Their main line had nothing to do with women , and they knew it . Apologize ? 
Wow , looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over ... and so much more . A rigged system ! 
The U . S ., together with Mexico and Canada , just got the World Cup . Congratulations - a great deal of hard work ! 
Joe Biden is a reclamation project . Some things are just not salvageable . China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him . He deserted our military , our law enforcement and our healthcare . Added more debt than all other Presidents combined . Wont win ! 
Congressman Adam Smith , the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , just stated , Yes , there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency . Its been done a number of times . No doubt , but lets get our deal done in Congress ! 
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections , which is what the Democrats always intended ? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late ! 
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi . We are all very proud of you ! 
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the [HASHTAG] in Canada last week . [URL] 
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U . S . health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo [URL] 
The Democrats just arent calling about DACA . Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast , or theyll disappoint you again . We have a great chance to make a deal or , blame the Dems ! March 5th is coming up fast . 
An : Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump " may have insinuated about [HANDLE] ." But he ' s right : [URL] 
The 2nd Amendment is under siege . We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
JOIN ME ! [HASHTAG] TODAY : Springfield , OH Toledo , OH Geneva , OH FRIDAY : Manchester , NH Lisbon , ME Cedar Rapids , IA [URL] 
Leaving El Paso for the White House . What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton , Ohio . The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips , but it just didnt work . The love , respect enthusiasm were there for all to see . They have been through so much . Sad ! 
While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets , he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch . Catherine Herridge of [HANDLE] [HANDLE] In other words , they were colluding with Russia ! 
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report . FINDINGS : ( 1 ) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign Russia . ( 2 ) The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient . ( 3 ) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts . 
The large and violent French protests dont take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection . Both of these topics must be remedied soon . 
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business , Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest . Busy times ! 
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U . S . and it great companies and workers by the European Union , if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed , we will be placing a 20 Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U . S . Build them here ! 
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny . They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served . They cared for their families more than anything in the world , they loved their families . They inspired their communities ... [URL] 
The young leaders here today ( [HANDLE] ) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation . It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future , rebuilding YOUR Country , restoring YOUR destiny , and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS ! [URL] 
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers . Bikers for Trump are on their way . It will be a great Thursday , Friday and Saturday ! 
I can say , as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation , that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion . Richard Burr ( R-NC ) Senate Intelligence Committee , Chairman
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country . The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done . A big , fat , fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime , when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing , and have done ! 
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be , if completed , a very good one for the World . Time and place to be determined . 
Great news for Republicans : Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE , over 70 of the vote . Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night . Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family ! 
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government . Never been such an abuse in our countrys history . Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved . We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW ! 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea , and they have given up nothing . Wow , we havent given up anything they have agreed to denuclearization ( so great for World ), site closure , no more testing ! 
Throughout American history , the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country , making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty . On National POWMIA Recognition Day , we honor all American Prisoners of War : [URL] [URL] 
Received a [HASHTAG] briefing this morning from Acting [HANDLE] Secretary Elaine Duke , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and COS John Kelly . [URL] 
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime , try pinning it on a very innocent President , and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country , they call It Obstruction ? Wrong ! Why didnt Robert Mueller investigate the investigators ? 
Will be landing soon . Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana , Matt Rosendale . He will represent our Country well , far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us ! 
The Boston Globe , which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1 . 3 BILLION DOLLARS ( plus 800 million dollars in losses investment ), or 2 . 1 BILLION DOLLARS , was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR . Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press . PROVE IT ! 
Main Street is BACK ! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS . [URL] 
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America ( 2 , 000 ) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant . [URL] 
General Motors , which was once the Giant of Detroit , is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there . They moved major plants to China , BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE . This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA . Now they should start moving back to America again ? 
Today in Alaska , it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson . We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice . THANK YOU ! [URL] 
With Murders up 33 in Mexico , a record , why wouldnt any sane person want to build a Wall ! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Wow , President Obama just landed in Cuba , a big deal , and Raul Castro wasn ' t even there to greet him . He greeted Pope and others . No respect
Thank you [HANDLE] - many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG . Appreciate it- love your music ! 
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign . Bad system ! 
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength , I don ' t believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook ! 
Democrat Rep . Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust . She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people . Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said , and says ? 
Germany , and so many other countries , have negative interest rates , they get paid for loaning money , and our Federal Reserve fails to act ! Remember , these are also our weak currency competitors ! 
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the create a U . S . recession , even though the numbers facts are working totally in the opposite direction . They would be willing to hurt many people , but that doesnt matter to them . Our Economy is sooo strong , sorry ! 
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign Obama Administration , there was never a special councel appointed ! 
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss ! 
Arizona had a 116 increase in ObamaCare premiums last year , with deductibles very high . Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods . Sad
To every member of the [HANDLE] , thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country , to our safety , and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS . Over the next 19 months , I know that the [HANDLE] will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border . They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U . S . Mexico , one of the most dangerous countrys in the world , must eradicate this problem now . Also , stop the MARCH to U . S . 
James Comeys behind closed doors testimony reveals that there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion with Russia when he left the FBI . In other words , the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started ! 
Just spoke w [HANDLE] . The people of Nebraska across the Midwest , especially the Farmers Ranchers , are feeling the impacts from severe weather . The first responders emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w record flooding , high winds , road closures . 
Hillary said she was under sniper fire ( while surrounded by USSS .) Turned out to be a total lie . She is not fit to [URL] 
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea . President XI told me he appreciates that the U . S . is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative . China continues to be helpful ! 
Congratulations to a truly great football team , the Clemson Tigers , on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team . A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina . Look forward to seeing the team , and their brilliant coach , for the second time at the W . H . 
In 1983 , roughly 1 , 800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War . Terrorists had bombed the U . S . Embassy earlier that year , killing 63 people , including 17 Americans ... [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] from multiple sources : " There was electronic surveillance of Trump , and people close to Trump . This is unprecedented ." [HANDLE] 
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief ' s Trophy , the great Air Force Falcons ! Watch : [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Poll and [HANDLE] say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie , and I havn ' t even started on them yet ! 
Why can ' t the pundits be honest ? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again . I will make it strong and great ! JOBS ! 
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas , Tom Leppert , has just endorsed me ! Thank you ! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
While I had a great meeting with NATO , raising vast amounts of money , I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia . Sadly , it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy ! 
 . [HANDLE] This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda . He needs populist allies . These changes are not chaos , but rather progress . All this is President Trump at his absolute best . Thank you Steve ! 
Wow , what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort , who has represented Ronald Reagan , Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns . Didnt know Manafort was the head of the Mob . What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others ? Very unfair ! 
Spoke to U . K . Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London . She is strong and doing very well . 
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House ! Thank you MI ! [URL] 
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
If the Fed would cut , we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time . Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management ... and who can really blame them for doing that ? Excuses ! 
I ( we ) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go ! Thank you . 
We send our deepest condolences to [HANDLE] and the entire Barletta family , on the passing of his brother . Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania . Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family ! 
The Democrats cant come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion , there was No Conspiracy , there was No Obstruction . What we should be focused on is whats been going on in our government , at the highest levels of the FBI .... Senator Josh Hawley
The [HANDLE] opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch . James Comey ' s leadership was a disaster ! 
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office . People will not allow another four years of incompetence ! 
Massive crowd in VT tonight . Venue not big enough . Officials say NO to outside event and sound system . Arrive early ! 
Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder ! He secured 5 BILLION for Border Security . Now we need Congress to support . Kevin has been strong on Crime , the Border , the 2nd Amendment , and he loves our Military and Vets . [HANDLE] has my full and total endorsement ! 
I look very much forward to meeting wPaul Ryan the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC . Together , we will beat the Dems at all levels ! 
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving , all of a sudden , irrationally . Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall ( they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts ), but they dont even want to take muderers into custody ! Whats going on ? 
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high ! Unemployment lowest in 16 years ! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades ! 
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS ! Hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects , ( I call the final shots ) we work well together and America is highly respected again ! [URL] 
Congressman [HANDLE] is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country . Border , Military , Vets , 2nd Amendment and all else . We need Dave in D . C . He has my Strong Endorsement ! 
Wow , did great in the debate polls ( except for [HANDLE] - which I don ' t watch ). Thank you ! 
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World , they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party . Dont worry about Dems FISA Abuse , missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier ! 
Face It , You Probably Got A Tax Cut ! This was a New York Times headline , and it is very true . If Republicans take back the House , and keep the Senate and Presidency , one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut ! Democrats only want to raise your taxes ! 
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally , and more ! The Farmers ( and all ) are very happy with USMCA ! 
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong . Cant have better testimony than that ! As V . P ., Biden had his son , on the other hand , take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President . Also looted millions from China . Bad ! 
Just landed at Fort Drum , New York . Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES ! 
Stuart Stevens , the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney ' s historic loss , is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump . Sad ! 
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday . On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court ! 
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday . The answer is Great ! He was long , straight putted fantastically well . He shot a 64 . Tiger is back will be winning Majors again ! Not surprisingly , Jack also played really well . His putting is amazing ! Jack Tiger like each other . 
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big . It will be the show of a lifetime ! 
Beautiful [HASHTAG] tonight in Green Bay , Wisconsin with a massive crowd . Thank you for joining me , I love you ! [HASHTAG] : t . coJRyhOXH7EE
Facebook was always anti-Trump . The Networks were always anti-Trump hence , Fake News , [HANDLE] ( apologized ) [HANDLE] were anti-Trump . Collusion ? 
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me . Its a total new love letter to Trump and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction ! 
If the U . S . sells a car into China , there is a tax of 25 . If China sells a car into the U . S ., there is a tax of 2 . Does anybody think that is FAIR ? The days of the U . S . being ripped-off by other nations is OVER ! 
The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol , not even including the E-15 , year around , which is already done . It will be a giant package , get ready ! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing . Great for all ! 
Tomorrow , families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July . As we do , we will think of the men women serving overseas at this very moment , far away from their families , protecting America - we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES ! [URL] 
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea . Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal ! 
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future . [URL] 
Ted Cruz said he " didn ' t know " that he was a Canadian Citizen . He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million loan papers . Not believable
Come on Republican Senators , you can do it on Healthcare . After 7 years , this is your chance to shine ! Don ' t let the American people down ! 
In our Country , so much money has been poured down the drain , for so many years , but when it comes to Border Security and the Military , the Democrats fight to the death . We won on the Military , which is being completely rebuilt . One way or the other , we will win on the Wall ! 
I will also be going to a wonderful state , Missouri , that I won by a lot in ' 16 . Dem C . M . is opposed to big tax cuts . Republican will win S ! 
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didnt do it during eight years of the Obama Administration ? 
Thank you [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa , with each candidate moving up one notch . 
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan , and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers , the finest on earth . Over the last four days , we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years ! 
Wow , I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada , and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED . Oh well , just more dishonest reporting . I am used to it . At least Canada knows where I stand ! 
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails , which should never have been written ( stupid ), because Putin likes me
Just returning from Orlando and Doral ( Miami ), Florida , and heading to the Oval Office , where I will present the great Economist , Dr . Arthur Laffer , with the Presidential Medal of Freedom . 
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o ' clock in the morning , at least you know I will be there , awake , to answer the call ! 
Great time last night in Louisiana . Big and energetic crowd . Go out and vote now , polls open . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T . V . ads by the other candidates . All bull , politicians are all talk and no action-it won ' t happen ! 
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans . Illegal Immigration hurts American workers , burdens American taxpayers , undermines public safety , and places enormous strain on local schools , hospitals and communities ... [URL] 
Wacko [HANDLE] is a sad answer to the [HANDLE] endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted . Glenn is a failing , crying , lost soul ! 
Report : Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat Crooked Hillary paid for Fake Unverified Dossier with information he got from send in watchers of low ratings CNN . This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt ! 
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the 35 , 000 , 000 ( two years in the making ) No Collusion Mueller Report , when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary , the DNC and Dirty Cops ? Attorney General Barr will make the decision ! 
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller , and did not fire Bob Mueller . In fact , he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration . Actually , lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller . Never a big fan ! 
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our [HANDLE] meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that , US Tariffs were kind of insulting and he will not be pushed around . Very dishonest weak . Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270 on dairy ! 
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner , 9 Rules of Engagement . Harris shares lessons from a military family . Enjoy ! 
Donald Trumps Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever . The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country . Jesse Watters
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims unwavering faith in President Trump . Thank you to Chairman Kim . We will get it done together ! 
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders , who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before , happens to be , Mr . President , why does the American media hate your Country so much ? Why are they rooting for it to fail ? 
The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing . In other words , its time to end this Witch Hunt . [HANDLE] Russian collusion was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election ! 
We are all united by the same love of Country , the same devotion to family , and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD ! Bound by these convictions , we will campaign for every vote we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020 ! [URL] 
I don ' t know Putin , have no deals in Russia , and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran , [HASHTAG] in terror , no problem ! 
Prime Minster [HANDLE] is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but , most importantly , he just had a great landslide victory in Japan . I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people ! 
Democrats cant impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats . The facts are pouring in . The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History ! Congress , go back to work and help us at the Border , with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure . 
 . [HANDLE] - Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally . It is fantastic- everybody loves it ! [HASHTAG] 
Thanks [HANDLE] I am very proud of the President . This is exactly what he promised , and I think the people agree with him . Weve been at war too long and in too many places ... spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere . Hes different ... thats why he got elected . 
Together , we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas . We love you ! GOD BLESS TEXAS GOD BLESS THE USA [URL] 
Congresswoman Maxine Waters , an extraordinarily low IQ person , has become , together with Nancy Pelosi , the Face of the Democrat Party . She has just called for harm to supporters , of which there are many , of the Make America Great Again movement . Be careful what you wish for Max ! 
Richard Trumka , the head of the AFL-CIO , represented his union poorly on television this weekend . Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country , and the success of the U . S . itself , that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly . A Dem ! 
Amazingly , CNN just released a poll at 71 , saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001 , 18 years ! WOW , is CNN becoming a believer ? 
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance , they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute . They are laughing at R ' s . MAKE CHANGE ! 
I know Mark Cuban well . He backed me big-time but I wasn ' t interested in taking all of his calls . He ' s not smart enough to run for president ! 
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems Fake News until the Republican won ? V was poorly covered
I am honored that the great men and women of the [HANDLE] have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump ! Thank you . 
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night , after returning from Ohio and Arizona , and it was packed with great pros - WIN ! 
I dont know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states , loud clear for all to hear , No Collusion and No Obstruction ( how do you Obstruct a NO crime ?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over ! 
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA . They want in on the act ! 
Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more . We stand ready to help ! 
Good news is Melania ' s speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press ! 
 . [HANDLE] horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility . Don ' t blame Mitt ! Now Stevens can ' t get a job ! 
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself . My children , especially my 11 year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick ! 
A vote for todays resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi , Crime , and the Open Border Democrats ! 
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals . Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U . S . for many years . Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead . Sorry , its time for a change ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
 [HASHTAG] is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida , Ohio , Pennsylvania . I haven ' t started yet ! [URL] 
Economic numbers looking REALLY good . Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration , rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today . That would have been SO EASY ! Still , markets up BIG since 2016 Election ! 
My wife , Melania , will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon . So exciting , big crowds ! I will be watching from North Carolina . 
Jens Stoltenberg , NATO Secretary General , just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline . Its called burden sharing . Also , more united . Dems Fake News like to portray the opposite ! 
The cast and producers of Hamilton , which I hear is highly overrated , should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting ! 
Wow , Mark Levins new book opened at [HASHTAG] . It is great keep it there for a long time ! [URL] 
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week , Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill . These are two Big Deals , but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is the mistake of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars . It all began 19 years ago ! 
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING , but would Peace HouseFreedom House , on the Border of North South Korea , be a more Representative , Important and Lasting site than a third party country ? Just asking ! 
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do -- everybody does . ObamaCare is dead ! But our healthcare will soon be great . 
Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night . Were having a BIG RALLY for a great guy , Dan Bishop . Strong on Crime , Borders , your Military and our Vets , we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly . His opponent is WEAK on Crime , Borders , and against your 2nd A . 
The two fake news polls released yesterday , ABC NBC , while containing some very positive info , were totally wrong in General E . Watch ! 
Exclusive interview w my wife [HANDLE] - tomorrow morning @ 8amE on [HANDLE] w [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . Enjoy ! [URL] 
Looking forward to watching [HANDLE] Sanders tomorrow morning on [HANDLE] , by far the [HASHTAG] rated show on Morning Cable at 8 : 30am . Sarah will be an incredible addition to [HANDLE] ! 
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie ! 
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt , and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years ( Tax Regulation Cuts , Judges , Military , Vets , etc .) my approval rating would be at 75 rather than the 50 just reported by Rasmussen . Its called Presidential Harassment ! 
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians ? I will be using Facebook Twitter . Watch ! 
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist , Stuart Stevens . Now I know why Mitt lost so badly . Stevens is a clown ! 
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington . Great religious and political leaders , and many friends , including T . V . producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph , will be there . Looking forward to seeing all ! 
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years ! 
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals global special interests , we welcome you with open arms . People first . 
Today , it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Womens Global Development and Prosperity Initiative . [HASHTAG] Read more : [URL] [URL] 
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China . If there is a problem , we will find out about it . I sincerely hope there is not !!! 
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit ! 
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday . She has been through so much , and has come out a total winner ! 
President Obama Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new ? Obama is not a natural deal maker . Only makes bad deals ! 
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor . Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before . He is strong on Crime , Borders , and loves our Military and Vets . Vote for Rick on Tuesday ! 
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans , with the very important help of my campaign Rallies , WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE , 53 to 47 ? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House . Senate alone approves judges others . Big Republican Win ! 
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch [HANDLE] , which I have not done in months , and again realized how bad , and FAKE , it is . Loser ! 
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight . Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State . Auto companies expanding at record pace . Big crowd tonight , will be live on T . V . 
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team " were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified information ." Not fit ! 
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil , Jair Bolsonaro , who won his race by a substantial margin . We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade , Military and everything else ! Excellent call , wished him congrats ! 
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence ODonnell , for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize , is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible , corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I ( and many millions of GREAT supporters ) have had to put up with for years . So bad for the USA ! 
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember , it still has to pass in the Senate , and for that we need 10 Democrat votes , and all they do is RESIST . They want Open Borders and dont care about Crime ! Need more Republicans to WIN in November ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Vote trump to save the west . Don ' t become like Europe - [HASHTAG] 
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal , and more , today with my staff . Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts ! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level ! 
 . [HANDLE] How do the Democrats respond to this ? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight . They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them . They owe him their political career . Thanks , I agree ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] why vote for Trump ? Unlike politicians all talk , Trumps talk materializes ! He will make America great again
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign . This is Fake News put out by [HANDLE] . Low news and reporting standards . No verification from me . 
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting . Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S [URL] 
Great job FEMA , First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy , very dangerous , tremendous talent . America is proud of you . Keep it all going - finish strong ! 
Today , [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to welcome French President [HANDLE] and Mrs . Brigitte Macron to the [HANDLE] . We look forward to hosting them at tonight ' s State Dinner , in their honor . [URL] 
The statement put out yesterday by [HANDLE] was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism . Who would ever say something so nasty dumb
North Korea is looking for trouble . If China decides to help , that would be great . If not , we will solve the problem without them ! U . S . A . 
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military . It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great . Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill ! 
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history . Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us ? 
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country . This was a big part of my campaign . Study the world ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HASHTAG] [HANDLE] You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope ! Show HC ' s 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists ! 
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 . Our country needs a good " shutdown " in September to fix mess ! 
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc . There is great Energy and unending Stamina , both necessary to get things done . We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so ! Fake News is going bonkers ! 
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me . False reporting , and plenty of it - but we will prevail ! 
I thought that [HANDLE] would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however , since election , they are worse ! 
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005 . This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office . GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS ! 
Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina . What a crowd , and what great people . The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left . [HASHTAG] will be a big year for the Republican Party ! 
Iran , and its economy , is going very bad , and fast ! I will meet , or not meet , it doesnt matter - it is up to them ! 
Don ' t let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin . We are getting along great , and getting major things done ! 
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work ( a mess ) -just like Dem party ! 
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible . Totally illegal ? Very ' cowardly ! 
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place . Could be very soon or not so soon at all ! In any event , the United States , under my Administration , has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS . Where is our Thank you America ? 
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton ' s honesty judgment , ask the family of Ambassador Stevens . 
I am getting great credit for my press conference today . Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days . 
Weve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION .... I have seen nothing , the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath , that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because hes exercising his power as the President of the U . S . I just dont see it . Judge Ken Starr
On immigration , Im consulting with our immigration officers our wage-earners . Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street . 
Beautiful [HASHTAG] tonight in Grand Rapids , Michigan - thank you , I love you ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !! [URL] 
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office . They keep us safe and are very cool about it ! [URL] 
Just arrived in Colorado . Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation . Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV . They want good ratings ! 
Pastor Andrew Brunson , a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States , is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason . They call him a Spy , but I am more a Spy than he is . Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs ! 
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM [HANDLE] and a group of leading CEO ' s business women from Canadaand th [URL] 
Ohio , vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress . His opponent , controlled by Nancy Pelosi , is weak on Crime , the Border , Military , Vets , your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts . Troy will be a great Congressman . [HASHTAG] 
Russia has more warheads than ever , N Korea is testing nukes , and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs . Thanks , [HANDLE] . 
The " Intelligence " briefing on so-called " Russian hacking " was delayed until Friday , perhaps more time needed to build a case . Very strange ! 
Mr . Khan , who does not know me , viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T . V . doing the same - Nice ! 
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to . 
We will never forget our fallen HEROES . It was our great honor to be with you today ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
One thing has now been proven . The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring ! 
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier . They will sell many air conditioners ! 
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be , I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Today , it was an honor to have [HANDLE] Secretary-General [HANDLE] at the [HANDLE] . Speaking for the U . S . A ., we appreciate all you do ! [URL] 
Leaving West Palm Beach , Florida now - heading to St . Augustine for a 3pm rally . Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me : [URL] 
Why does the liberal media think Bill O ' Reilly ( [HANDLE] ) is a complete and total vulgarian ? I don ' t think so ! 
With all of the new books coming out you can ' t forget two of the great originals written by [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] Pirro . Their books both went to [HASHTAG] . Go get them now , the phony Witch Hunt is well explained ! 
Our incompetent Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars , in cash , to Iran . Scandal ! 
When a country is no longer able to say who can , and who cannot , come in out , especially for reasons of safety . security - big trouble ! 
Kris Kobach , a strong and early supporter of mine , is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas . He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full total Endorsement ! Strong on Crime , Border Military . VOTE TUESDAY ! 
Taken for Granted , a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed , has my full Endorsement ! 
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength . I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect , because there is no one better for the job ! 
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT , we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON . The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated ! Thank you . 
Democrats , it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS . Border security must become a [HASHTAG] priority ! [URL] 
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar , putting the U . S . at a big disadvantage . The Fed Interest rate way too high , added to ridiculous quantitative tightening ! They dont have a clue ! [URL] 
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place . They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary . Now , that will not happen ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] is 100 correct [HASHTAG] . And u and the rest of u [HASHTAG] muppets refuse to HEAR HIM ." So true ! 
 [HANDLE] : TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT ' S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES ! 
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border , walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans , that the Democrats wont approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country . Great Midterm issue for Republicans ! 
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won ' t enhance our security ( wrong ) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall ( fence ) at W . H . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts [HASHTAG] vs the other guy ... so obvious [HANDLE] " So true ! 
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY ! Loosen up and have some fun . The Country is doing well ! 
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now . NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy . They report stories , purposely , the exact opposite of the facts . They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems . May even be worse than Fake News CNN , if that is possible ! 
Under the Trump Administration , African American unemployment is the lowest ( best ) in the history of the United States . No President has come close to doing this before ! I also created successful Opportunity Zones . Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say , Thank you , Mr . President ! 
Ted Cruz is lying again . Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head . Check out [URL] Poll snd Q Poll . 
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people ' s , and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see . 
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job . It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary . Doug is strong on Crime , the Border , and our Second Amendment . Loves our Military our Vets . He has my full and complete Endorsement . 
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary . A total disgrace ! 
Looking forward to 3 : 30 P . M . meeting today at the White House . We have to protect build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military . 
I use both iPhone Samsung . If Apple doesn ' t give info to authorities on the terrorists I ' ll only be using Samsung until they give info . 
For all of those ( DACA ) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period , you have nothing to worry about - No action ! 
Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy , need his vote for MAGA ! Strong on Crime , Tax Cuts , Military , Vets 2nd A . His opponent will NEVER vote for us , only for Pelosi . Andy has my Strongest Endorsement !!! See you in Kentucky . 
China is targeting our farmers , who they know I love respect , as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U . S . They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt . We were being nice - until now ! China made 517 Billion on us last year . 
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history . He brought the FBI down , almost all Republicans Democrats thought he should be FIRED , but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men women who work there ! 
The Dow just broke 24 , 000 for the first time ( another all-time Record ). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election , the Market would be down 50 from these levels and Consumer Confidence , which is also at an all-time high , would be low and glum ! 
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals . They burned the American flag and laughed at police
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction , China . But in the end , if we are smart , tough and well prepared , we will get along with everyone ! 
I feel sure that my friend [HANDLE] will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster ! 
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raisedgave ! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job . 
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isnt considered appropriate , then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader ! 
If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish , I think were going to be right back to our 2 , 800 to 2 , 900 target range that weve had for the SP 500 . Scott Wren , Wells Fargo . 
Things are really getting ridiculous . The Failing and Crooked ( but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton ) [HANDLE] has done a long boring story indicating that the Worlds most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia me so now they are looking at the rest of the World ! 
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now . Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years . However , if you dont separate , FAR more people will come . Smugglers use the kids ! 
Why didnt President Obama do something about Russia in September ( before November Election ) when told by the FBI ? He did NOTHING , and had no intention of doing anything ! 
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J . S . Dorton Arena . See you all soon ! Lets [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
The system is rigged . General Petraeus got in trouble for far less . Very very unfair ! As usual , bad judgment . 
The Faith of Donald Trump , a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb , is a very interesting read . Enjoy ! 
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn ' t work , and it is not affordable - 116 increases ( Arizona ). Bill Clinton called it " CRAZY
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High , along with a Record High Stock Market . Unemployment is at a 17 year low . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS ( looking good ). 
Departing the [HANDLE] for Erie , Pennsylvania . I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going . I look forward to seeing everyone this evening . 
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month , ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th . Thank you , a very smart and gracious gesture ! 
Many [HANDLE] owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas . Great ! Most other companies are coming in our direction , including Harley competitors . A really bad move ! U . S . will soon have a level playing field , or better . 
Today , we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
It ' s very sad that Republicans , even some that were carried over the line on my back , do very little to protect their President . 
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit . After the audit , no problem ! 
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row , perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him ! 
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un . Stood on the soil of North Korea , an important statement for all , and a great honor ! 
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers . This is happening all over our country . No more ! 
Heading to U . S . Bank Arena in Cincinnati , Ohio for a 7pm rally . Join me ! Tickets : [URL] 
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again . Lets get out [URL] 
NASA , which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration , has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights . We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them . Exciting things happening . Space Force ! 
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare . Wrong , I know the subject well want victory for U . S . 
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act . The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP ! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets . 
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia ( on Tuesday ) for Congress , a runoff will be a win . Vote " R " for lower taxes safety ! 
So many positive things going on for the U . S . A . and the Fake News Media just doesnt want to go there . Same negative stories over and over again ! No wonder the People no longer trust the media , whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history ! [HASHTAG] 
21 days goes very quickly . Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately . Will not be easy to make a deal , both parties very dug in . The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border through dialogue . We will build the Wall ! 
This afternoon at the [HANDLE] , it was my great honor to present our nations highest civilian honor , the Presidential Medal of Freedom , to American baseball legend [HANDLE] . Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement , Mo ! [URL] 
I want to win for the people of this great country . The only people I will owe are the voters . [HASHTAG] Video : [URL] 
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence . FEMA , First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready . We are with you ! [URL] [URL] 
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the originators and founders of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity . All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax , and much more will be lost as it proceeds . No Collusion ! 
My supporters are the smartest , strongest , most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history . It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country . As we get stronger , so does our country . Best numbers ever ! 
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge , TIME , etc . Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty . He has zero cred- totally dishonest ! 
House Democrats , fresh off a Republican victory against them ( in Federal Court ) on the Wall , keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt . They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report , especially with his corrective letter , now want a Do Over ! 
The failing [HANDLE] is truly one of the worst newspapers . They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check . Really bad people ! 
Wow , just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels . There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me , will repeal replace . He lies ! 
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea . President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem . No longer - sleep well tonight ! 
Many people currently a part of my opposition , including President Obama the Dems , have had campaign violations , in some cases for very large sums of money . These are civil cases . They paid a fine settled . While no big deal , I did not commit a campaign violation ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] on his tremendous increase in television ratings . Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE . 
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic . He is strong on the Border , Crime , the Military , our Vets and the Second Amendment . Scott has my Total Endorsement ! 
The public is learning ( even more so ) how dishonest the Fake News is . They totally misrepresent what I say about hate , bigotry etc . Shame ! 
I ' m with you ! I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate . I will defeat them both . 
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction . He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer . He signed a non-disclosure agreement . He is a mess ! 
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook . They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and were looking into . Its getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media ! 
Because Gov . Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue . 
 . [HANDLE] : How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it ' s an emergency ? [URL] 
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA . Many firms are leaving China for other countries , including the United States , in order to avoid paying the Tariffs . No visible increase in costs or inflation , but U . S . is taking Billions ! 
Today and every day , we pledge to honor our history , to treasure our liberty , to uplift our communities , to live up to our values , to prove worthy of our heroes , and above all , to NEVER FORGET . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] is much better than any rock concert ! He knows how to fill a stadium . 
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th . We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace ! 
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border , risking thousands of lives in the process . It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans . We must build a Great Wall , think Merit and end Lottery Chain . USA ! 
Will be at Fort Worth ( Texas ) Convention Center at 11 : 30 A . M . Big crowd - get there early ! Big announcement to be made ! 
China has a business tax rate of 15 . We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy . Jobs and wages ! 
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions , no ideas , no credibility . She supported NAFTA , worst deal in US history . [HASHTAG] 
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U . S . has squandered three trillion dollars there . Obvious long ago ! 
Today , it was my honor to welcome Estonia President [HANDLE] , Lithuania President [HANDLE] , and Latvia President [HANDLE] to the [HANDLE] . Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence ! [HASHTAG] : [URL] [URL] 
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors . Horrible pictures images . We are weak . I will NOT forget ! 
Unemployment is down to 4 . 1 , lowest in 17 years . 1 . 5 million new jobs created since I took office . Highest stock Market ever , up 5 . 4 trill
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror . Hillary just broke-said she would now use ! 
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration . Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world , and the Dems will do anything not to change them to obstruct-want open borders which means crime ! 
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates . 
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated . Made up , phony facts . Too bad ! 
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist . These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard . Must be proactive ! 
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets , keeps out Democrat poison pill riders . Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal . 
Today , we gathered for Diwali , a holiday observed by Buddhists , Sikhs , and Jains throughout the United States around the world . Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year . [URL] [URL] 
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters ? 
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election , embracing certain policies and principles , did very well . Those that did not , say goodbye ! Yesterday was such a very Big Win , and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media ! 
The Democrats have no message , not on economics , not on taxes , not on jobs , not on failing [HASHTAG] . They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS ! 
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement ! Tough on Crime and Borders , Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts . Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency ." Very dishonest media ! 
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson , a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken . [HANDLE] 
Get on Trump ' s List " email from the RNC was not authorized . I am self funding my campaign ! Do not pay . Email : [URL] 
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night . Asked him how Rocket Man is doing . Long gas lines forming in North Korea . Too bad ! 
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4 -- 
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea . Things are going very well , time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set . Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations . 
 . [HANDLE] is so biased it is disgusting . They do not want Trump to win . All negative ! 
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A . C . staying in Indianapolis . Great deal for workers ! 
The Failing [HANDLE] set Liddle ' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation . Was made to sound a fool , and that ' s what I am dealing with ! 
Iran has just issued a New Warning . Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to any amount we want if there is no new Nuclear Deal . Be careful with the threats , Iran . They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before ! 
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto , a Navajo Code Talker in World War II , over the Memorial Day Weekend . The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator . John , Rest In Peace ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Mr . TRUMP this was your best , most energized one to date . ( and i have watched most of them )... WELL DONE
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U . S . because of Hillary Clinton ' s hacked emails . 
 . [HANDLE] will lead the U . S . delegation to India this fall , supporting womens entrepreneurship globally . [HASHTAG] [HANDLE] 
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past . She is totally confused . Unfit to serve as [HASHTAG] . 
Its incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesnt work . It does , and properly built , almost 100 ! They say its old technology - but so is the wheel . They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying ! 
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular unrepresentative Congresswomen , it will be interesting to see how it plays out . I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U . S . 
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world , The Gerald R . Ford . Norfolk , Va . 
I am in South Korea now . President Moon and I have toasted our new Trade Deal , a far better one for us than that which it replaced . Today I will visit with , and speak to , our Troops - and also go the the DMZ ( long planned ). My meeting with President Moon went very well ! 
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year , the U . S . Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4 . 1 ! [URL] 
Please understand , there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally , whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes . Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world ! Vote R
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan , who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea . Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U . S . Currently have a massive 100 Billion Trade Deficit . Not fair or sustainable . It will all work out ! 
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS , AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION , FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION . 
 . [HANDLE] purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute : " until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes ." Dishonest ! 
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali , the Hindu Festival of Lights , in the Roosevelt Room at the [HANDLE] this afternoon . Very , very special people ! [URL] [URL] 
Just spoke to [HANDLE] . Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7 : 00 P . M . Eastern on [HANDLE] ! 
 . [HANDLE] Chris , thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement . I will not let you down ! [HANDLE] 
Tainted ( no , very dishonest ?) FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review . Led Clinton Email probe . [HANDLE] Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Love it ! [HANDLE] is done . We need someone who is proven . [HANDLE] will make America Great Again
 [HANDLE] : Looks like Rubio won ' t get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn ' t meet 20 threshold . 
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C . OBrien , currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department , as our new National Security Advisor . I have worked long hard with Robert . He will do a great job ! 
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa ! A great guy and great places ! [HASHTAG] 
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower . Actually , far greater than would ever have been believed ! 
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens . The deductibles , in many cases way over 7000 , make it almost worthless or unusable . Good things are going to happen ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
There was No Collusion with Russia ( except by the Democrats ). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end ? So bad for our Country . Is the Special CounselJustice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media ? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead ? 
Will be in Orlando , Florida , this afternoon . 25 , 000 people expected . This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before ! 
Vanity Fair , which looks like it is on its last legs , is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H . Anna Wintour , who was all set to be Amb to Court of St Jamess a big fundraiser for CH , is beside herself in grief begging for forgiveness ! 
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption . The focus must be life and safety . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Getting ready to take off for Nashua , New Hampshire . Big crowd , will be there soon . Fun ! 
A political commentator for [HANDLE] , which I no longer watch , said " Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries ." I set all-time record ! 
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings , calls and hopefully , some golf - my primary form of exercise ! The weather is beautiful , and this place is incredible ! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin . 
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today ! This event is dedicated to YOU : the hardworking Americans who make this nation run . You love your country , you provide for your family , you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Together , our task is to strengthen our families , to build up our communities , to serve our citizens , and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world .... [URL] 
Rep . Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct , the VA is not broken , it is doing great . But that is only because of the Trump Administration . We got Veterans Choice Accountability passed . President Trump deserves a lot of credit . Dan Caldwell , Concerned Veterans of America
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats . This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI , the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails . 
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them . They will always Resist and Obstruct ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] gets it . Was just on [HANDLE] explaining how Trump wins the general election ." Thank you Ed ! 
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama , just look at the facts . Total Fake News ! 
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom . He will be great ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I thank God you are on board with [HANDLE] to help him and us [HASHTAG] Ty !! 
Hillary Clinton didn ' t go to Louisiana , and now she didn ' t go to Mexico . She doesn ' t have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great ! Tremendous crowds and spirit . Just returned but will be going back soon . 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya , [HANDLE] and Mrs . Margaret Kenyatta to the [HANDLE] today ! [URL] 
Remember - get out on November 8th VOTE [HASHTAG] . It is time to [HASHTAG] -- this is our last chance ! [URL] 
Democrats don ' t want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections ? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill . 
On Greta , 87 of the people said they would not watch the debate if I ' m not in it . Wow- what an honor ! 
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day , we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of Americas Veterans . Thank you for your service to our great Nation ! 
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - " quietly working to boost Clinton ." So where is the investigation A . G . [HANDLE] 
We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent , it was Hillary Clinton . How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad ? Marc Thiessen , Washington Post
It ' s time for another [HASHTAG] rally . Join me in Duluth , Minnesota on Wednesday , June 20th at 6 : 30pm ! Tickets [URL] [URL] 
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary ? 
Mexico has taken advantage of the U . S . for long enough . Massive trade deficits little help on the very weak border must change , NOW ! 
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club , Jupiter , to play golf ( quickly ) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson . Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA ! 
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota . We are staying in close contact with [HANDLE] and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods . Everyone be safe ! [URL] 
I am allowing Japan South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States . 
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting [HANDLE] I for a roundtable with labor leaders . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace . Remember , his wife ' s employer , and his lender , is located there ! 
Failing [HANDLE] lost all credibility . Not only was he fired @ FOX , he would have voted for Clinton over McCain . [URL] 
The Roger Stone report on [HANDLE] is false - Fake News . Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision . 
Congressman Tom Reed of New Yorks 23rd District has done a great job . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge . It would have been impossible for me to know this but , if that was the case , and with me being one of two people who would become president , why was I not told so that I could make a change ? 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING , your Country is starting to do really well . Jobs coming back , highest Stock Market EVER , Military getting really strong , we will build the WALL , V . A . taking care of our Vets , great Supreme Court Justice , RECORD CUT IN REGS , lowest unemployment in 17 years ....! 
What truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is controlled by the people . 
Congressman Randy Hultgren ( R ) of Illinois is doing a great job . Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement ! 
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum . We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom , equality , justice peace . [URL] 
Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived . We are eternally grateful ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Its a mean nasty world out there , the Middle East in particular . This is a long and historic commitment , one that is absolutely vital to Americas national security . [HANDLE] I agree 100 . In addition , many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U . S ., big Jobs Oil ! 
Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the people not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates . 
 [HANDLE] : 41 of American voters believe the election could be " stolen " from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud . - Politico
Tomorrow , the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill , which includes work requirements . We must support our Nations great farmers ! 
They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico , yet 70 of the power was out before the storm . So when did people start dying ? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism ? [HANDLE] 
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER , and we must have a great WALL to help protect us , and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country ! 
There has never been a president who has been tougher ( but fair ) on China or Russia - Never , just look at the facts . The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture . 
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal ? If she can ' t win Kentucky , she should drop out of race . System rigged ! 
Thank you Alabama ! From now on , its going to be [HASHTAG] . Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase : [URL] 
Tariffs on the dumping of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry . New and expanded plants are happening all over the U . S . We have not only saved this important industry , but created many jobs . Also , billions paid to our treasury . A BIG WIN FOR U . S . 
The " Rust Belt " was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico . END ! 
Phony Rubio commercial . I could have settled , but won ' t out of principle ! See student surveys . [URL] 
Thank you to teachers across America ! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now . 
Oh no , just reported that Ted Cruz didn ' t report another loan , this one from Citi . Wow , no wonder banks do so well in the U . S . Senate . 
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly . After many years , RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK . 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security . It is vital to our national strength . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now . Killing 12 people , including one great American soldier , was not a good idea . There are much better ways to set up a negotiation . The Taliban knows they made a big mistake , and they have no idea how to recover ! 
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates , it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race ! 
Democrats dont want to fix the loopholes at the Border . They dont want to do anything . Open Borders and crime ! 
Toyota Mazda to build a new 1 . 6B plant here in the U . S . A . and create 4K new American jobs . A great investment in American manufacturing ! 
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime . Media credibility is now shot , Democrat credibility is shot , theyve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax , theyve done nothing on Infrastructure , drug prices , trade .... [HANDLE] 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents . As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of Justice and FBI misled the courts . Witch Hunt Rigged , a Scam ! 
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress . Strong on Crime , the Border , Illegal Immigration , the 2nd Amendment , our great Military Vets , Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts . He has my Full Endorsement ! 
 . [HANDLE] is changing their theme from " fair and balanced " to " unfair and unbalanced ." But dying [HANDLE] is worse . Their phony poll is a joke ! 
Wow , [HANDLE] Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders . Hillary CNN FRAUD ! 
If the ban were announced with a one week notice , the " bad " would rush into our country during that week . A lot of bad " dudes " out there ! 
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases soft , crime producing borders . The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history the WALL ! 
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers , just tell them not to come . All problems solved ! 
Tim Kaine is , and always has been , owned by the banks . Bernie supporters are outraged , was their last choice . Bernie fought for nothing ! 
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate , Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation , rather than 51 . Can ' t get votes , END NOW ! 
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State . She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich ! Corrupt , dangerous , dishonest . 
The dying [HANDLE] National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama . They have been losing for years . I will beat Hillary ! 
President Andrew Jackson , who died 16 years before the Civil War started , saw it coming and was angry . Would never have let it happen ! 
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College ! Now Tax Returns are brought up again ? 
The Clinton News Network , sometimes referred to as [HANDLE] , is getting more and more biased . They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
Brett McGurk , who I do not know , was appointed by President Obama in 2015 . Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving . Grandstander ? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event ! 
Will be interviewed on [HANDLE] by [HANDLE] coming up at 6 : 00amE from Davos , Switzerland . Enjoy ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong . I said LEAVE will win . She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement . Only a question of time
Q2 GDP Up 2 . 1 Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck . Almost no inflation . USA is set to Zoom ! 
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE , running for Congress in a Special Election ( March 13 ). Rick is a great guy . We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda ! 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8 : 30 P . M . NEVADA . I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
We are sealing up our Southern Border . The people of our great country want Safety and Security . The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue ! 
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous . We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials . The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist . We are with you ! 
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding . I won ' t dodge questions as your President . [URL] 
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates , especially since there is very little inflation , and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening , the 3 . 0 GDP , Stock Market , would have both been much higher World Markets would be in a better place ! 
A large number of counts , ten , could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case . Witch Hunt ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] How can you deny this fact . HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made [HASHTAG] a big problem
The Republican Party has to be smart strong if it wants to win in November . Can ' t allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate ! 
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened to our Saudi Arabian citizen . He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer . I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King ! 
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland . Will lead to special results for our country . We will Make America Great Again ! 
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport ! Tickets : [URL] 
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people . Thank you ! 
Great unity in the Republican Party . Want to , once and for all , put an end to stoppable crime and drugs ! Border Security and Wall . No doubt ! 
Thank you for joining me this afternoon , New Hampshire ! Will be back soon . [HASHTAG] Speech transcript : [URL] 
I agree with [HANDLE] , the Fed should lower rates . They were WAY too early to raise , and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didnt exactly help either . Where did I find this guy Jerome ? Oh well , you cant win them all ! 
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton ' s term as Secretary of State . When will the dishonest media report the facts ! 
Texas LC George P . Bush backed me when it wasnt the politically correct thing to do , and I back him now . Also , AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning , he is Trumps Man in Texas . Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar , and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] America loves Trump and [HANDLE] -- praying for you every day . Stay strong . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
The failing [HANDLE] has been wrong about me from the very beginning . Said I would lose the primaries , then the general election . FAKE NEWS ! 
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained , prior to being sent back to their country ! 
 . [HANDLE] just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning . My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery . 
President and Mrs . Obama builthas a ten foot Wall around their D . C . mansioncompound . I agree , totally necessary for their safety and security . The U . S . needs the same thing , slightly larger version ! 
Remember [HANDLE] wants COMMON CORE ( education from D . C .) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (" come as act of love "). Not a leader ! 
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country . Yesterday , the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question , a really big deal . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Great even in SC tonight ! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in -- 5 , 000 turned away . Thank you for coming ! 
For first time the failing [HANDLE] will take an ad ( a bad one ) to help save its failing reputation . Try reporting accurately fairly ! 
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people ! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today . 
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister [HANDLE] of Japan at noon . Will be discussing North Korea and Trade . 
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people , we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers . 
Why didnt Robert Mueller his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton , Lyin Leakin James Comey , Lisa Page and her Psycho lover , Peter S , Andy McCabe , the beautiful Ohr family , Fusion GPS , and many more , including HIMSELF Andrew W ? 
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania . Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans ! 
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good , there has nevertheless been much false reporting ( surprise !) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media , such as ComcastNBC , CNN , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . These Fakers are Bad News ! 
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good , they would have kept those jobs in Indiana . Spend more time working-less time talking . Reduce dues
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama . I am supporting " Big " Luther Strange because he was so loyal helpful to me ! 
I will replace it with private plans , health savings accounts , allow purchasing across state lines . Maximum choice freedom for consumer . 
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that , because of the turmoil disfunction in Iran and Venezuela , I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production , maybe up to 2 , 000 , 000 barrels , to make up the difference ... Prices to high ! He has agreed ! 
Hillary says things can ' t change . I say they have to change . It ' s a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism . [HASHTAG] 
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up they are doing little to help . If anything , they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little s . This must be a two way street . REDUCE PRICING NOW ! 
 [HANDLE] : Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year , but still outperforming Wall Street ' s investment in Jeb . 
Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country . She is ill-fit with bad judgment . 
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years , giving billions of dollars getting nothing . Policy didn ' t work ! 
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never ! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them . If they move , watch , it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered , they quit ! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before ! 
I am leaving China for [HASHTAG] in Vietnam . [HANDLE] Melania is staying behind to see the zoo , and of course , the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops . 
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2 : 00pm . 
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton . We are a divided nation ! 
Thank you Henderson , NV . This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before ! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page : [URL] 
House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States , Farmers Border Security . Up for vote tomorrow . We want to do much better than this . All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing ! 
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House . Melanie is feeling and doing really well . Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes ! 
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on [HANDLE] at 2 : 00 P . M . and 7 : 00 P . M . Enjoy ! 
I will be interviewed on [HANDLE] tonight at 8 : 00 P . M . ( Eastern ). Enjoy ! 
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting . God bless you ! 
Great honor to have [HANDLE] General Counsel , [HASHTAG] as a Trump delegate in TN . RNC meeting well worth it ! Unifying the party ! 
France honors a great hero . Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack . So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism . Even stronger measures needed , especially at borders ! 
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the [HANDLE] Air Station Yuma . THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America ! [URL] 
The White House Correspondents Dinner was a failure last year , but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it . The filthy comedian totally bombed ( couldnt even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance ). Put Dinner to rest , or start over ! 
Big 4th of July in D . C . Salute to America . The Pentagon our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this showing to the American people , among other things , the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World . Incredible Flyovers biggest ever Fireworks ! 
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing Replacing O ' Care . My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk ! [URL] 
Worthless [HANDLE] , which dopey Mort Zuckerman , is desperately trying to sell , has no buyer ! Liabilities are massive ! 
I won an election , said to be one of the greatest of all time , based on getting out of endless costly foreign wars also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe . We fight for the borders of other countries , but we wont fight for the borders of our own ! 
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives . Be nice , you will do much better ! 
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border , the Dems wont do the quick and easy fix . Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders , which equals crime ! 
caught , he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness ... and now he is judge jury . He should be the one who is investigated for his acts . 
THANK YOU ALABAMA ! 32 , 000 supporters tonight . Get out VOTE on Tuesday ! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe ' re bringing back the JOBS ! [URL] 
We must have Border Security , get rid of Chain , Lottery , Catch Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration . Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and , of course , keep building , but much faster , THE WALL ! 
According to NBC News , Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation ( 46 ) more than they Approve ( 41 ). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt , led by 17 Angry Democrats , is all about ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country . She is sooooo guilty . But watch , her time will come ! 
The Queen of Soul , Aretha Franklin , is dead . She was a great woman , with a wonderful gift from God , her voice . She will be missed ! 
To the African-American community : The Democrats have failed you for fifty years , high crime , poor schools , no jobs . I will fix it , VOTE " T
Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost ! Headline , New York Post . Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn . Sadly , many others will follow . The people want the Truth ! 
After years of Comey , with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation ( and more ), running the FBI , its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History ! But fear not , we will bring it back to greatness . 
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over classified information . Gee , this is small potatoes compared to what Hillary Clinton did ! So unfair Jeff , Double Standard . 
Emmet Flood , who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report , will be leaving service on June 14th . He has done an outstanding job NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION ! Case Closed ! Emmet is my friend , and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done . 
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW . Why didnt someone call the FBI 36 years ago ? 
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting . No child , teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school . 
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the [HANDLE] Air Station Yuma . THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America ! [URL] 
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country , and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you . Get out tomorrow , and [URL] [URL] 
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax . Started by little Eric Schneiderman Cuomo . So many leaving New York ! [URL] 
Our country is stagnant . Weve lost jobs and business . We dont make things anymore bc of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort 1M from me , they went hostile w a series of incorrect ill-informed ads . 
Brandon Judd , National Border Patrol Council : Thats going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer . People no longer will be released into the U . S . Also , 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border . Currently there are few ! 
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them not one that takes advantage of them . We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality , affordable medication they need and deserve . We will not rest until the job is done ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Good for [HANDLE] he ' s smart on business . Maybe If corporations weren ' t overtaxed they would stay . Voting for [HASHTAG] 
 . [HANDLE] asked me to do an event . The people holding the event called me to say he wanted 100 , 000 for himself . Phony [HANDLE] 
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support ! Get out and [URL] tomorrow ! Watch : [URL] 
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving . Thank you , God bless your families God bless the USA ! 
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Councel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia ( so ridiculous ), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation that the only Collusion was with the Dems ! 
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails . Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesnt lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress ! 
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security . Top executives coming in at 9 : 00 A . M . to talk manufacturing in America . 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race . Now all he can do is be a spoiler , never a nice thing to do . I will beat Hillary ! 
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION . Also , he leaked classified information . WOW ! Will the Witch Hunt continue ? 
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down . As I said from the beginning , let ObamaCare implode , then deal . Watch ! 
MaristNPRPBS Poll shows President Trumps approval rating among Latinos going to 50 , an increase in one year of 19 . Thank you , working hard ! 
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election , all the way up to the day that I took office , because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President . That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me . If Hillary won - a Big Crash ! 
Why arent they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show ? A total double standard but thats O . K ., we are Winning , and will be doing so for a long time to come ! 
 [HANDLE] : Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals : [HANDLE] 7 , 546 , 980 ; [HANDLE] 5 , 481 , 737 ; [HANDLE] 2 , 724 , 749 " A BIG DIFFERENCE
Another terrorist attack in Paris . The people of France will not take much more of this . Will have a big effect on presidential election ! 
Why doesnt the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administrations Anti-Trust Division has been , and is , opposed to the ATT purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial . Such a disgrace in reporting ! 
Do you believe it ? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia . Why ? I will study this dumb deal ! 
It was Rosie O ' Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me , not Crooked Hillary ! [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful " Good ! 
The American dream is back . Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many , ma [URL] 
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project ( [HANDLE] ) Soldier Ride to the [HANDLE] on Th [URL] 
France and President [HANDLE] have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7 . Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had . Likewise , evening meeting with World Leaders went very well . Progress being made ! 
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the [HASHTAG] Legislation into law . [URL] 
President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida ! [HANDLE] Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day ! 
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the [HANDLE] National Council for the American Worker , Congress should reauthorize [HASHTAG] and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Our Southern Border is under siege . Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws . Must build a Wall . Mexico , which has a massive crime problem , is doing little to help ! 
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats ( we need their votes ) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration , not including the terrible drug flow . Top Border Security , including a Wall , is 25 Billion . Pays for itself in two months . Get it done ! 
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA . They Resist , Blame , Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing . Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix , NOW ! 
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting . Deals cant get made when there is no trust ! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military . 
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories . Ratings way down ! 
Wow , 30 , 000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton . She said they had to do with a wedding reception . Liar ! How can she run ? 
ISIS is in retreat , our economy is booming , investments and jobs are pouring back into the country , and so much more ! Together there is nothing we cant overcome -- even a very biased media . We ARE Making America Great Again ! 
So funny , Jeb Bush called me a " highly gifted politician and a great entertainer " - I assume that is a compliment ! 
 [HANDLE] Iowa is meaningless ... keep pushing forward , run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday . America needs you ! [HASHTAG] 
Why does [HANDLE] have a fired Bushy like dummy , John Sununu on- spewing false info ? I will beat Hillary by a lot , she wants no part of Trump . 
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism , as well as current mission , but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE , a must ! 
I didn ' t start the fight with Lyin ' Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania , he did . He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence , Lyin ' Ted ! 
College educated women want safety , security and healthcare protections very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country . I supply all of this far better than any Democrat ( for decades , actually ). Thats why they will be voting for me ! 
We grieve for the terrible loss of life , and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas . To the students , families , teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School we are with you in this tragic hour , and we will be with you forever ... [URL] 
Drugs are pouring into this country . If we have no border , we have no country . Thats why ICE endorsed me . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight . So important for our country - our Military needs it ! 
The same people who did the phony election polls , and were so wrong , are now doing approval rating polls . They are rigged just like before . 
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world , through teleconference , at 9 : 00 A . M . Eastern . Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots to thank them for the great job they have been doing , especially with the hurricanes . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Great meeting with active retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron , Ohio . [URL] 
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party ! 
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist . This is not good , or acceptable ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
There is no reason for these massive , deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor . Billions of dollars are given each year , with so many lives lost , all because of gross mismanagement of the forests . Remedy now , or no more Fed payments ! 
Retail sales are at record numbers . Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you havent seen anything yet ! 
Together , we ' re going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities , and we ' re going to destroy the vile criminal cartel , [HASHTAG] , and many other gangs ... ' Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown ' [URL] [URL] 
So exciting ! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis , Maryland . Looking forward to being there . 
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market . Consumer Confidence is at Record High . I guess somebody likes me ( my policies )! 
Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trumps alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign collusion later found NOT TO EXIST . [URL] 
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th . His leadership , bravery and skill must never be forgotten . Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR ! 
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact ! 
I dont think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal . They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall now , out of the blue , want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention ! 
Will be interviewed on [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] from [HASHTAG] tonight . My wife , Melania , will join me for the entire show . 
Congratulations to my children , Don and Tiffany , on having done a fantastic job last night . I am very proud of you ! 
We are in the NAFTA ( worst trade deal ever made ) renegotiation process with Mexico Canada . Both being very difficult , may have to terminate ? 
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well . When I became President , it was practically shut down and closed for business . Not anymore ! 
 [HANDLE] : You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] Loves U " Thanks
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world , with 45 countries planning or building Walls . Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015 . They have all been recognized as close to 100 successful . Stop the crime at our Southern Border ! 
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday , outside of Flake and Corker , was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA ! 
Every on-line poll , Time Magazine , Drudge etc ., has me winning the debate . Thank you to Fox Friends for so reporting ! 
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who , despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum , make it work ( crossings are way down and the Wall is being built ). Even with zero Dem help , Border getting strong ! 
The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist . Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for . They are a disgrace to journalism but then again , so are many others ! 
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters . Kaine supports TPP , is in pocket of Wall Street , and backed Iraq War . 
The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters ....." [HANDLE] Thank you ! 
Rep . Steve Scalise of Louisiana , a true friend and patriot , was badly injured but will fully recover . Our thoughts and prayers are with him . 
President Obama campaigned hard ( and personally ) in the very important swing states , and lost . The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
The " protesters " in California were thugs and criminals . Many are professionals . They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement ! 
Just out in Arizona , SIGNATURES DONT MATCH . Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election ? We must protect our Democracy ! 
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers , workers and companies . While sending their product into our country tax free . We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades and that is long enough . 
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease . Today I signed an Executive Order , Advancing American Kidney Health ... [URL] 
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr . to Obama : My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not [URL] via [HANDLE] 
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore . Statistically , Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category . Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry , but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing ! 
Departing Washington , D . C . to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville , Pennsylvania with Melania . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
At the request of many , I will be reviewing the case of a U . S . Military hero , Major Matt Golsteyn , who is charged with murder . He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Fantastic evening in Charlotte , North Carolina with great PATRIOTS . Get out and VOTE for [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] ! [URL] [HASHTAG] replay : [URL] [URL] 
Michael Morell , the lightweight former Acting Director of C . I . A ., and a man who has made serious bad calls , is a total Clinton flunky ! 
Jackie Evancho ' s album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance . Some people just don ' t understand the " Movement
Just watched Jeb ' s ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him . Jeb --- mom can ' t help you with ISIS , the Chinese or with Putin . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Loved Trump ' s answers to voters questions this morning ! Trump ' s economic plan will help [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC . Such dishonesty ! 
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren ' t told to go to my events . Be careful Bernie , or my supporters will go to yours ! 
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with [HANDLE] Melania . Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers . 
Marco Rubio lost big last night . I even beat him in Virginia , where he spent so much time and money . Now his bosses are desperate and angry ! 
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters . The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians . Most importantly , this great life cannot be ruined by mean despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations ! 
So far , youve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products , but you cant tell me that it has hurt our economy ... it really hasnt led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] And we are taking in Billions ! 
Join me in Tampa , Florida next Tuesday , July 31st at 7 : 00pmE for a [HASHTAG] Rally ! Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock , Arkansas tonight ! A record crowd of 12K . [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
I am in the Oval Office just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas . We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall , some complete . Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding . Billions of Dollars , lives , will be saved ! 
Remember , Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld [HASHTAG] twice ! I am the only one who will [HASHTAG] ! 
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead . There was nobody like him ! He will be missed by Christians and all religions . A very special man . 
A massive blow to Obama ' s message - only 38 , 000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report . That ' s REALLY bad ! 
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border . If not , harsh measures will have to be taken ! 
When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly , and then wins the Election , as he did , then he gets to set the National Agenda . The press is just outrages . This [HANDLE] story is the most irresponsible thing Ive ever seen . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I agree . They also lose too much ! 
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS . The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants , but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS , pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people . HONESTY WINS ! 
I love being in South Carolina . We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly , and for years , trying to come back . I said no . 
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill . We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers . Thank you to all . Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign ! 
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake . Unable to reach for 3 days bc of his cell phone reception at site . 
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved . Job killer ! 
Before Nancy , who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done , decides to defend her leader , Rep . Omar , she should look at the anti-Semitic , anti-Israel and ungrateful U . S . HATE statements Omar has made . She is out of control , except for her control of Nancy ! 
My transition team , which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job , will be seeing many great candidates today . [HASHTAG] 
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty . 35 years ago , 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut , Lebanon . Today , we honor our fallen heroes ... [URL] 
Clapper lied about ( fraudulent ) Dossier leaks to CNN [HANDLE] FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN . 
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter . This is not acceptable . They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion . Get back to the basics and make us all proud ! 
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona , and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation , to be the next Secretary of the Air Force . She will be an outstanding Secretary ! [HASHTAG] 
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I slammed the table walked out of the room . He had a temper tantrum . Because I knew he would say that , and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security , I politely said bye-bye and left , no slamming ! 
If my people said the things about me that Podesta Hillary ' s people said about her , I would fire them out of self respect . " Bad instincts
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures . The safety of our citizens comes first ! 
Hypocrite ! [HANDLE] claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks . [HASHTAG] 
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems Fake News until the Republican won ? V was poorly covered
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires . I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger .... [URL] 
Honored to meet w Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority his delegation , who have been working hard weverybody involved toward peace . [URL] 
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won , I have instructed my execs to open Trump U (?), so much interest in it ! I will be pres . 
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends . Very exciting ! 
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy . If we get Tax Cuts and Reform , we ' ll really see some great results ! 
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in ' 18 . Tennessee not happy ! 
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country . She represents an ever expanding group of very smart thinkers , and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on ... so good for our Country ! 
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration , just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years . A total mess ! They only wish they had that decision to make over again . 
Together , we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE ! [URL] 
For many years our country has been divided , angry and untrusting . Many say it will never change , the hatred is too deep . IT WILL CHANGE !!!! 
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace . They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails ( even though they dont want to look at the DNC Server ), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena ! 
Many people talking , with much agreement , on my Iran speech today . Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran ! 
Almost 70 in new Poll say dont impeach . So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side . They cant win the election fairly ! 
I will be interviewed on [HANDLE] at 9 : 00 A . M . I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries ! 
The Fake News Networks , those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA , are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast . The Fakers at CNN , NBC , ABC CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction ! 
ZTE , the large Chinese phone company , buys a big percentage of individual parts from U . S . companies . This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi . 
James Clapper , who famously got caught lying to Congress , is now an authority on Donald Trump . Will he show you his beautiful letter to me ? 
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system , the tens of billions of dollars that the U . S . is receiving is a gift from China . Prices not up , no inflation . Farmers getting more than China would be spending . Fake News wont report ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn ' t she do them ? 
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un . The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door . Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful . Great relationship with Chairman Kim ! 
My supporters are the best ! 18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again ! Shatter the record : [URL] 
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION , THANK YOU to all of the First Responders ( HEROES ) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night . [URL] 
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford , Chairman of Ford , who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
It was my great honor to host a [HANDLE] Conference on Supporting Veterans Military Families ... To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform , to every Veteran Military family across our land , I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation ! [URL] 
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress . VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration , bad for jobs and wants higher taxes . Say NO
Big day in Washington , D . C ., even though White House Oval Office are being renovated . Great trade deals coming for American workers ! 
Why did Clinton supporter [HANDLE] declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn ' t even called the race ? 
People ( pundits ) gave me no chance in South Carolina . Now it looks like a possible win . I would be happy with a one vote victory ! ( HOPE ) 
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania ! Fantastic crowd and people . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
My thoughts , condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack . God and your country are with you ! 
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened , and then waited too long to undo their mistake . James Bullard of St . Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December . Mistake , Powell cut rate and then he started talking . [HANDLE] 
Ohio Gov . Kasich voted for NAFTA , from which Ohio has never recovered . Now he wants TPP , which will be even worse . Ohio steel and coal dying ! 
Wishing all of those celebrating [HASHTAG] around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love . [URL] [URL] 
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America , Israel , and around the world . [HASHTAG] 
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country . We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him ! 
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms . Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close , or even leading . Election night will be very interesting indeed ! 
Democrats , who want Open Borders and care little about Crime , are incompetent , but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side ! 
The President has been remarkable . I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment , and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is . Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton . Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning ! 
The United States has a great economic story to tell . Number one in the World , by far ! 
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely . The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom ! [URL] 
Crooked Hillary ' s V . P . pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea . A total lie - and taken over during O term ! 
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world . We have the greatest military anywhere in the world . Not bad ! 
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate . Dems will join in ! 
Great book just out by very successful businessman [HANDLE] . Always known as somebody who knows how to win , Capitalist Comeback will be a big hit ! 
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what ' s going on ? Is it Goldman SachsCiti loans or Canada ? 
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House , Mar-a-Lago , three weeks ago . Looking forward to Friday . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Poor Jeb . I could ' ve sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day ! [URL] 
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U . S . Pastor , Andrew Brunson , from prison . He has been held hostage far too long . [HANDLE] should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband father . He has done nothing wrong , and his family needs him ! 
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing , a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place . Good things are happening , but only time will tell ! 
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems . The system is rigged against him . He should run as an independent ! Run Bernie , run . 
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Jobs surge in April , unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969 [URL] 
Thank you Miami ! In 6 days , we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : No matter what liar sleazeball [HANDLE] says about [HANDLE] in Tennessee . We have early voting and [HANDLE] has won . 
California now wants to scale back their already failed fast train project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L . A . to San Francisco . A different deal and record cost overruns . Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED ! 
I will be watching the great Governor [HANDLE] and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8 : 30pm est ! Enjoy ! 
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer . Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems . MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN ! 
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama . What great people , what a crowd ! Vote Luther on Tuesday . 
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary ! The courts must give us back our protective rights . Have to be tough ! 
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor . He has been successful at whatever he has done , and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years . He has my Strong Endorsement . His opponent is totally unqualified . Would destroy a great state ! 
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him back into play . Bill Nelson conceded Election - now hes back in play !? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy ! 
Democrat Jon Ossoff , who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security , doesn ' t even live in district . 
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign . Made up story by [HANDLE] is a hoax . Totally dishonest . 
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country . 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight . Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way . We need a powerful Wall ! 
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots . Tom Brady , Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners . Wow ! 
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats , even though the membership wants me . Some things never change ! 
 [HANDLE] : Leicester DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory , both were written off , but they keep scaling the heights . History ? 
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place . Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens ! 
The so-called " A " list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration , but look what they did for Hillary , NOTHING . I want the PEOPLE ! 
UNBELIEVABLE ! Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times : [URL] 
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country , Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security . Dems do nothing . If there is no Wall , there is no Security . Human Trafficking , Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT ! 
 .... An incredibly corrupt FBI DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election . Brennan has gone off the deep end , hes disgraced and discredited himself . His conduct has been outrageous . Chris Farrell , Judicial Watch . 
I will be interviewed on 60 Minutes tonight at 7 : 00 P . M ., after NFL game . Enjoy ! 
Another Fake Story on [HANDLE] that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities . Of course this is not true . Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse , if that is possible , every day ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] we know they ' re fake just like poles during primary . I ' m sure u will crush [HASHTAG] in general
Today , in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of Gods grace . [URL] 
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country . New Years Eve was a disaster . THINK ! 
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt , I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy , maybe Best Ever ! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair , I would be up by 25 points . Nevertheless , despite the Fake News , were doing great ! 
Congratulations to Governor [HANDLE] on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY . Matt , you are doing a fantastic job ! 
Getting out of Syria was no surprise . Ive been campaigning on it for years , and six months ago , when I very publicly wanted to do it , I agreed to stay longer . Russia , Iran , Syria others are the local enemy of ISIS . We were doing there work . Time to come home rebuild . [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] There ' s only one real candidate , and it ' s you ! Donors control the other candidates ! [HASHTAG] " Thank you . 
 [HANDLE] : Isn ' t it time we had a president ? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can ' t win . The American people have Trump ! 
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the [HANDLE] as a disgusting fraud ? Thank you Rowanne . 
Great playing by [HANDLE] ( at the ) [HANDLE] . Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports . Many fantastic players in the hunt . Ratings Gold - Good luck to all ! 
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world . Only the crooked media makes this a big deal ! 
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words drug-infested concerning Baltimore . Take a look at Elijah C . [URL] 
Just out : The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia . Did nothing about it . WHY ? 
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost 13 , 375 . Today they are 18 , 142 . Thanks , Obama . 
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster . Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country ! 
Was just briefed by [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] , who are in California . Thank you to the great Firefighters , First Responders and [HANDLE] for the incredible job they are doing w the California Wildfires . Our Nation appreciates your heroism , courage genius . God Bless you all ! 
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Congratulations [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] on the successful [HASHTAG] launch . This achievement , along with [HANDLE] commercial and international partners , continues to show American ingenuity at its best ! [URL] 
I will be interviewed on [HANDLE] at 7 : 30 . Things are looking good , had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin ! 
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night , including from foreign nations ( friends ) that were waiting me out , and hoping , on Trade Deals . Now we can all get back to work and get things done ! 
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters . Her foreign wars , NAFTATPP support Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes . 
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed , then John Kasich and that didn ' t work . Not much power or insight ! 
Col . Jim Carafano on [HANDLE] Trump has made the Middle East a better place . When Trump came into office , ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East . Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today . Thats all due to Trump . 
Great Consumer Price Index just out . Really good , very low inflation ! We have a great chance to really rock ! Good numbers all around . 
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs , but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them ! Been calling me wrong for years , along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers ! [URL] 
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting ( FakeNews ) [HANDLE] is . Viewers beware . May be worse than even [HANDLE] ! 
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall . This was in no way a concession . It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days , if no deal is done , its off to the races ! 
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent , the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I dont know andor have never met . FAKE NEWS ! 
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan , reversing a years long opposite trend . Thank you Chrysler , a very wise decision . The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for TrumpPence . Plenty of more to follow ! 
The Washington Post Story , about my speech in North Carolina and tweet , with its phony sources who do not exist , is Fake News . The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm , far greater than the Democrats . Youll see in 2020 ! 
Congratulations to my friend [HANDLE] on winning a [HASHTAG] . A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved ! 
Great day with Prime Minister [HANDLE] of Japan . We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects . He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await ! [URL] 
Florida , very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz ( R ). He has my Strong Endorsement ! 
America will THINK BIG once again . We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American [URL] 
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia why the DNC wouldn ' t allow the FBI to check their server or investigate ? 
The big questions in Comeys badly reviewed book arent answered like , how come he gave up Classified Information ( jail ), why did he lie to Congress ( jail ), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI ( why didnt they TAKE it ), why the phony memos , McCabes 700 , 000 more ? 
Happy Memorial Day ! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today . Best economy in decades , lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER ( women in 18years ), rebuilding our Military and so much more . Nice ! 
Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border . [HANDLE] The Washington Examiner States , Finally , the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers . This was done by the Obama Administration ! 
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States . I will work hard and never let you down ! AMERICA FIRST ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets . We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured . God Bless them ALL ! 
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure . It just never seems to work the way it ' s supposed to with Clinton . 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC . [URL] 
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS , America is open for business , and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages , salaries and bonuses ! [URL] 
Constitutional law expert [HASHTAG] Tribe of Harvard says " wrong to say it ( natural born citizen ) is a settled matter-it isn ' t settled ). 
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying " sources said ," DO NOT believe it . There are no sources , they are just made up lies ! 
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was . Not anymore , it is from a different world ! U . S . must be vigilant and smart ! 
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base . They dont want to do it but are powerless ! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book " The Art of the Deal " for your donation of 184 or more . Get YOURS today ! [URL] 
They let Crooked the Gang off the hook for the crime , but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad . Unbelievable ! [URL] 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to ' persistent financial losses on [HASHTAG] plans .' Only the beginning ! [URL] 
I want to thank [HANDLE] for all of his help in our historic Arizona win . Could not have done it without you Joe ! 
WSJ ' s Strassel : Barr ' Right ' to Say ' Spying ' Occurred on Trump Campaign Breitbart [URL] via [HANDLE] 
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon , one which they never cease to use when they are down , or run out of facts , RACISM ! They are truly disgusting ! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi . I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so ( ridiculously ) accused ! 
The U . S . Created 263 , 000 Jobs in April , Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969 [URL] 
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement . They failed ! 
93 Approval Rating in the Republican Party . 52 Approval Rating overall ! Not bad considering I get the most unfair ( BAD ) press in the history of presidential politics ! And dont forget the Witch Hunt ! 
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , the man in charge , along with leakin James Comey , of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation ( including her 33 , 000 illegally deleted emails ) be given 700 , 000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation ? 
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before , and thats prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country . In any event , they are coming along very well . Most countries agree that they must be changed , but nobody ever asked ! 
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing , but they cant give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall ? 
 . [HANDLE] and Lyin ' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION ! Both talk about ISIS , do nothing ! 
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered . Kasich is good for Mexico ! 
Disproven and paid for by Democrats Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign . Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election ? [HANDLE] Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians ? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers ? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails ? What a mess ! 
I will be in Huntsville , Alabama , on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate . " Big Luther " is a great guy who gets things done ! 
I like the fact that the President is making the case ( Border Security Crime ) to the American people . Now we know where Nancy Pelosi , Chuck Schumer the Democrats stand , which is no Border Security . Will be big 2020 issue . Matt Schlapp , Chair , ACU . Bigger than anyone knows ! 
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on [HANDLE] for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany ! Others worked on this for decades . 
even , those registered to vote who are dead ( and many for a long time ). Depending on results , we will strengthen up voting procedures ! 
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy , for the first time in 21 years , to the [HANDLE] Black Knights at the [HANDLE] . Congratulations ! [URL] 
Question : If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration , right up to January 20th , why arent they the subject of the investigation ? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling ? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation ? Ask Jeff Session ! 
Why dont the Democrats give us the votes to fix the worlds worst immigration laws ? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs , including MS-13 , coming into our country illegally ? 
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad . Dont fall for it ! Also , look at all of the professionally made identical signs . Paid for by Soros and others . These are not signs made in the basement from love ! [HASHTAG] 
In interview I told [HANDLE] that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete , not after election ! 
The Democrats are in Turmoil ! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections . Republicans are for Strong Borders , NO Crime ! A BIG NIGHT ! 
The Failing [HANDLE] has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue ! [HANDLE] 
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U . S . companies been better than they are today ! 
The Democrats do not want us to detain , or send back , criminal aliens ! This is a brand new demand . Crazy ! 
Attending Chief Ryan Owens ' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor . To a great and brave man - thank you ! 
We should start an immediate investigation into [HANDLE] and his ties to Russia and Putin . A total hypocrite ! [URL] 
On 120 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35 , 000 ISIS fighters held approx 17 , 500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria . As of 1221 , the U . S . military estimates the remaining 1 , 000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1 , 900 square miles ... via [HANDLE] [URL] 
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations , both present future . We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media . NATO is now strong rich ! 
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff ! Thank you also to Chance and Dr . Darrell Scott , they really get it ( lowest Black Hispanic unemployment in history ). 
On International Womens Day , we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities , families , governments , and businesses ... [URL] 
Since November 8th , Election Day , the Stock Market has posted 3 . 2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high . Jobs ! 
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men women @ the Andeavor Refinery . Full remarks : [URL] [URL] 
The reason you don ' t generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix ( fill in and top )! 
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country , our Flag , our Anthem continues without penalty to the players . The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league . Players are the boss ! [URL] 
The U . S . is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft . We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years ! 
The " deplorables " came back to haunt Hillary . They expressed their feelings loud and clear . She spent big money but , in the end , had no game ! 
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo , and he fully agrees , not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country ! 
Mainstream ( FAKE ) media refuses to state our long list of achievements , including 28 legislative signings , strong borders great optimism ! 
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U . S . instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico . Thank you Ford Fiat C ! 
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible . With that being said , leakers are traitors and cowards , and we will find out who they are ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process . He is jealous of Trump ! 
 [HANDLE] : If I owned a big company that was failing , I ' d hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-RubioCruz wouldnt be considered
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party . Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA , not easy when we have no support from the Democrats . NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL ! Need more Republicans in 18 . 
Nancy just said she just doesnt understand why ? Very simply , without a Wall it all doesnt work . Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime , Human Trafficking , Gangs and Drugs . Should have been done for decades . We will not Cave ! 
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words . 
Great show tonight [HANDLE] , you really get it ( 9 : 00 P . M . [HANDLE] ), thats why youre Number One ( by far )! Also , please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book ! 
Great Republican election results last night . So far we have the team we want . 8 for 9 in Special Elections . Red Wave ! 
Just watched the Great [HANDLE] , Backetball Hall of Famer , on the [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man , Mark Levin , who has the number one bestselling book , Unfreedom of the Press . Two Winners ! 
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly , who honored me with her strong endorsement for president , has passed away at 92 . She was very special ! 
After a wonderful dinner at the [HANDLE] last night with the Amir of Qatar , [HANDLE] , it was my great honor to welcome him to the [HANDLE] this afternoon ! [URL] 
Today , I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School . Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge ! [HASHTAG] Watch [URL] 
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News . It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description . Mainstream Media must clean up its act , FAST ! 
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall . Let work begin ! 
Wow ! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN , record lows . People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies . Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television , Don Lemon ! 
Drudge Report OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES , WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border ! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story . 
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS ! [HASHTAG] 
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats . This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI , the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails . 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] for winning the [HANDLE] . We are all proud of you [HANDLE] all [HANDLE] clubs ! Great going ! 
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked . Not surprised ! [HANDLE] 
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump Russia . 
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job . I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts , not mine ! 
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents Dinner that this year , for the first time in decades , they will have an author instead of a comedian . Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition ! Maybe I will go ? 
Remember , the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year . In Senate , I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost . Virginia candidate was not a Trumper , and he lost . Good Republican candidates will win BIG ! 
The " dirty " poll done by [HANDLE] [HANDLE] is a disgrace . Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled . Other polls were good . 
This afternoon , it was my great honor to present [HANDLE] Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the [HANDLE] ! [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] you had a great interview with Donald today ! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump . 
ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is . [HANDLE] 
Great new polls ! Thank you Nevada , North Carolina Ohio . Join the MOVEMENT today lets [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America !!! 
The real trade war began 30 years ago , and we lost . This is a bright new Age , the Age of Enlightenment . We dont lose anymore ! [URL] 
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w [HANDLE] - saying I may not be on ballot I hold liberal positions . LIES ! 
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell . Longest serving Congressman in Countrys history which , if people understand politics , means he was very smart . A great reputation and highly respected man . 
If the Fed had done its job properly , which it has not , the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10 , 000 additional points , and GDP would have been well over 4 instead of 3 ... with almost no inflation . Quantitative tightening was a killer , should have done the exact opposite ! 
So professional of [HANDLE] news to throw out the failing [HANDLE] newspaper from their debate . Paper won ' t survive , highly unethical ! 
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran , No Conditions . That is an incorrect statement ( as usual !). 
There is no one better to represent the people of N . Y . and Staten Island ( a place I know very well ) than [HANDLE] , who is strong on Borders Crime , loves our Military our Vets , voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again . Dan has my full endorsement ! 
The people of Cuba have struggled too long . Will reverse Obama ' s Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored . 
It was a very bad week for the Democrats , with the GREAT economic numbers , The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address . Now , with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee , I actually believe they want a Shutdown . They want a new subject ! 
I will be interviewed on [HANDLE] this morning at 10 : 00 A . M . Have a great day ! 
The U . S . is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses , but any business that leaves our country for another country , 
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or , to state it differently , FAKE ! We are absolutely moving forward , as we must , because of the importance of the answer to this question . 
Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way , and he said no . In other words , there was NO OBSTRUCTION . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday , July 9th ! 
Lyin ' Ted , I have already beaten you in all debates , and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates . You should focus on jobs illegal imm ! 
Such a big victory of our Country ! Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall . [HANDLE] We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure , over time , by other countries . 
Join [HANDLE] on Facebook watch tonight ' s rally from Geneva , Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] ... You are like Superman , everywhere ! But I ' m keeping up . Great ! 
We crushed the original goal ! I will write a 2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal ! [URL] 
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions . I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do . Nobody deserves it more . THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work ! [URL] 
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago . What is going on there - totally out of control . Chicago needs help ! 
The Democrats hate this President so much , theyre forgetting about their duty to secure our Border . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Sad but true ! 
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton ' s watch- she ' s done nothing about it and never will . Not capable ! 
If Elizabeth Warren , often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen , with her husband dressed in full Indian garb , it would have been a smash ! [URL] 
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U . S . will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem ! 
The economy is doing great . More people working in U . S . A . today than at any time in our HISTORY . Media barely covers ! [HANDLE] 
At the request of the Governor of Texas , I have signed the Disaster Proclamation , which unleashes the full force of government help ! 
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce . [URL] 
The " debate " tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock . I hate to see this . 
Democrats want Open Borders , which equals violent crime , drugs and human trafficking . They also want very high taxes , like 90 . Republicans want whats good for America - the exact opposite ! 
Will be interviewed by [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] at 10 : 00 AM . Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws . Will be tough , watch ! 
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA . He is MIA and nothing but trouble . He is better off in Argentina . I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC , a state I love . She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes . VOTE Katie ! 
Wow , I hear [HANDLE] has gone really hostile ever since I said I won ' t do or watch the show anymore . They misrepresent my positions ! 
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today . He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Cruz is hated in New York . He should go home - no place for a phony
Kevin Hassett , who has done such a great job for me and the Administration , will be leaving shortly . His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U . S . I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend ! 
I want to congratulate [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell and all Republicans . Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench . Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges , including many in the Appellate Courts two great new U . S . Supreme Court Justices ! 
The only things the Democrats do well is Resist , which is their campaign slogan , and Obstruct . Cryin Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting forever to serve our Country ! A total disgrace . Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved ! 
It is the assessment of the U . S . government that Iran is responsible for today ' s attacks in the Gulf of Oman ...." [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V . P . Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days ! 
Spoke to my two good friends , Prime Minister Modi of India , and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan , regarding Trade , Strategic Partnerships and , most importantly , for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir . A tough situation , but good conversations ! 
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years . 
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform , without restriction . Its called Freedom of Speech , remember . You are making a Giant Mistake ! 
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that , with proper Forest Management , would never happen . Unless they get their act together , which is unlikely , I have ordered FEMA to send no more money . It is a disgraceful situation in lives money ! 
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead . Our healthcare plan will lower premiums deductibles - and be great healthcare ! 
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me . But first , I ' m going to have to [HASHTAG] in DC . [URL] 
Wow , the ridiculous deal made between Lyin ' Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up . What a dumb deal - dead on arrival ! 
In November , I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state . Jobs ! 
Just landed - a long trip , but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office . There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea . Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience . North Korea has great potential for the future ! 
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council , I have many to take their place . Grandstanders should not have gone on . JOBS ! 
Whats going on at [HANDLE] is happening , to different degrees , at other networks - with [HANDLE] being the worst . The good news is that Andy Lack ( y ) is about to be fired (?) for incompetence , and much worse . When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia , they were hurt badly ! 
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb (!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center , Iraq War and eco collapse ? Careful ! 
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms . You are strong and resilient , and we are here to assist . [URL] 
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan , and his representatives , at the Winter White House ( Mar-a-Lago ). Very good talks ! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book " The Art of the Deal " for your donation of 184 or more . Get YOURS today ! [URL] 
Heading to West Virginia now . Big Rally . Will be live on [HANDLE] tonight . Long lines , but will be great ! 
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage , there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of ! 
 [HANDLE] : You really rocked them hard in S . C . Rubio and Cruz were pummled . So glad Jeb is gone ! Next no liar ! 
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY . The courts are making the job very difficult ! 
Looking more more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon ( surveillance ) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC . Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie . Republicans must get tough now . An illegal Scam ! 
The White House is a smooth running machine . We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our countrys history - with many more to come ! The Dems are going crazy ! 
Is there a case for impeachment ? Absolutely not ! There is no high crime or misdemeanor , no crime , no extortion , no treason . Robert Ray [HANDLE] 
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service . He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great ! Thanks S
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against [HASHTAG] . Said he wants them to denuclearize . Progress is being made . 
The rally in Cincinnati is ON . Media put out false reports that it was cancelled . Will be great - love you Ohio ! 
Thanks [HANDLE] ! " Trump is the most unpredictable , extraordinary , entertainingmassively popular candidate this country has ever seen . 
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando , Florida . Thank you ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Just left West Palm Beach Fire Rescue [HASHTAG] . Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us . Firefighters , paramedics , first responders - what amazing people they are ! 
Will be going to Dayton , Ohio and El Paso , Texas , tomorrow to meet with First Responders , Law Enforcement , and some of the victims of the terrible shootings . 
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS . Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk . Will not let this happen ! 
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand . Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3 , 000 , 000 votes were illegal . We must do better ! 
On my way to Macon , Georgia where the crowds are massive , for a 4pmE [HASHTAG] . Will be in Chattanooga , Tennessee tonight , seen below , for a 7pmE rally . Somethings happening ! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE ! [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament , according to new book , which is a mess ! 
More than a century after conquering flight , the [HASHTAG] continue to motivate inspire Americans , who never tire of exploration innovation . This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation : [URL] [URL] 
Great rally in Iowa ! Such wonderful people . Traveling now with [HANDLE] to Tulsa- massive crowd expected ! [URL] 
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays refuses to speak out against Radical Islam . 
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar ! 
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely , but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion . 
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004 . [URL] 
Senior United States District Judge Robert E . Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued .. [URL] 
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess . It will fall of its own weight - be careful ! 
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post , this time against A . G . Jeff Sessions . These illegal leaks , like Comey ' s , must stop ! 
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife , Melania . Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible . Very proud ! [HASHTAG] 
The American people have waited long enough . There has been enough talk and no action for seven years . Now is the time for action ! [URL] 
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed ! 
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt . They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist . One of them stated , The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 911 . Get smart people ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [HANDLE] 
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord , disruption and chaos within the U . S . then , with all of the Committee Hearings , Investigations and Party hatred , they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams . They are laughing their asses off in Moscow . Get smart America ! 
We will defend our country , protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST ! Replay : [URL] [URL] 
It was an honor to welcome [HANDLE] to the [HANDLE] today with [HANDLE] Pence Attorney General Sessions . THANK YOU fo [URL] 
Hillary Clintons Emails , many of which are Classified Information , got hacked by China . Next move better be by the FBI DOJ or , after all of their other missteps ( Comey , McCabe , Strzok , Page , Ohr , FISA , Dirty Dossier etc .), their credibility will be forever gone ! 
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin ? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago ? Investigate ! 
Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton . My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
We must protect our country and our workers . Our steel industry is in bad shape . IF YOU DONT HAVE STEEL , YOU DONT HAVE A COUNTRY ! 
Back from Japan after a very successful trip . Big progress on MANY fronts . A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe ! 
Together , we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction , with unity , and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need . Working together , we will defeat this [HASHTAG] . Full Opioid Summit : [URL] [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate . Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization , which they are ! 
Today , on behalf of the American people , I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U . S . Service Members to land in Normandy ... [URL] 
The [HANDLE] [HANDLE] , once great when headed by [HANDLE] , is now in total freefall . Whoopi Goldberg is terrible . Very sad ! 
The failed Fast Train project in California , were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting , is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall ! 
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House . Unfortunately , only a small number of players decided to come , and we canceled the event . Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling . Sorry ! 
Exclusive VideoBroaddrick , Willey , Jones to Bill ' s Defenders : These Are Crimes , Terrified of Enabler Hillary [URL] 
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz , the Mayor of San Juan , for your kind words on FEMA etc . We are working hard . Much food and water thereon way
Billions of dollars in investments thousands of new jobs in America ! An initiative via Corning , Merck Pfizer : [URL] [URL] 
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country . Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans not for criminal aliens ! [URL] 
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana . Thank you ! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office . 
Funny how the Fake News , in a coordinated effort with each other , likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I met . Thats because thats all they have to disparage ! We got so much for peace in the world , more is being added in finals . Even got our hostagesremains ! 
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record . He is not as smart as Cruz , and may be an even bigger liar
I am always on the front page of the failing [HANDLE] , but when I won the GOP nomination , I ' m in the back of the paper . Very dishonest ! 
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort . Will be back on Sat . night ! 
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers , or relief , for Mac Pro parts that are made in China . Make them in the USA , no Tariffs ! 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
Get the vote out in California today for Rep . Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress . Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax , High Crime Nancy Pelosi . 
Join me in Wilmington , Ohio tomorrow at 4 : 00pm ! It is time to [HASHTAG] ! Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen ! 
President Donald J . Trump Proclaims September 3 , 2017 , as a National Day of Prayer ' [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS . THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG ! What has our leadership been doing ? [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Tax cuts , deregulation , and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U . S . economy to flourish . The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the drivers seat . [HANDLE] [URL] 
Russian officials must be laughing at the U . S . how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News . 
On behalf of the entire family , we would truly be honored to have your vote ! Let ' s [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The [HASHTAG] to our Constitution is clear . The right of the people to keep bear Arms shall not be infringed upon . [URL] 
Many Trump Fans Signs were outside of the [HANDLE] Studio last night in the now thriving ( Thank you President Trump ) Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders . Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters . Whats with [HANDLE] ? 
If last nights election proved anything , it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate . 
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided " spin " that followed . This despite the really bad microphone . 
More great information from the [HANDLE] for Thursdays Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington , D . C . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy # ' s around , and fast . Strong on crime , he might even save our great statuesheritage ! 
What a year its been , and we ' re just getting started . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Happy New Year !! [URL] 
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTubes HQ in San Bruno , California . Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved . Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene . 
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff . It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country ! 
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs , Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown , which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington ! 
Thank you to Steve Rogers , FBI Joint Terror Task Force ( Ret ), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement . [HANDLE] 
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo , Mississippi , on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith , who has a very important Election on Tuesday . She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border , Crime , Military , our great Vets , Healthcare the 2nd A . Needed in D . C . 
Today , on this USMCA Day of Action , thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA . USMCA more JOBS for American workers , more economic growth , and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers , ranchers , and businesses . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Trump is headed for a win , says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes [URL] 
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year . Great job by Border Patrol ( and others ) who are working in a Broken System . Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board ! 
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN ! Thank you [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] ! Just arrived in [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts . We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change . 
Even though I beat him in the first six debates , especially the last one , Ted Cruz wants to debate me again . Can we do it in Canada ? 
When President Obama said that he has been to 57 States , very little mention in Fake News Media . Can you imagine if I said that ... story of the year ! [HANDLE] 
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment , my numbers continue to go up . Can anyone explain this ? 
Thank you to the 2 , 500 in North Augusta , South Carolina . Lines down the block ! Don ' t forget to VOTE on Saturday ! [URL] 
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia . More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for . We are praying for recovery and healing . America is with you ! 
Doug Wead , a truly great presidential historian , had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history , the funeral service today of President Bush . Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time ! [HANDLE] 
Spoke to [HANDLE] to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterdays [HANDLE] , to inform him that because of his incredible Success Comeback in Sports ( Golf ) and , more importantly , LIFE , I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM ! 
Dems have been complaining for months months about Dir . Comey . Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved . Phony hypocrites ! 
Biggest crowd EVER , according to Arena people . Thousands outside trying to get in . Place was packed ! Radical Left Dems their Partner , LameStream Media , saying Arena empty . Check out pictures . Fake News . The Enemy of the People ! [URL] 
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson , the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama , Bush me , Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana ! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K ! 
National Prescription Drug [HASHTAG] numbers are in ! Another record broken : nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed ! Lets keep fighting this opioid epidemic , America ! 
 [HANDLE] : DonaldTrump , you are fearless ! This interview shows you are the Leader we need . [HANDLE] is a tough interview ! Respect to both
Goofy Elizabeth Warren , sometimes referred to as Pocahontas , pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career . Very racist ! 
By the way , Hillary the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video . [URL] 
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] . Enjoy ! 
The dishonest media didn ' t mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked ' s speech . He wishes he didn ' t make that deal ! 
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border . Problem is , theyve been talking for 25 years . We want action , not talk . They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired . Otherwise , our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA ! 
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives , not just a freeze . Also , no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time . Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached . Meeting being planned ! 
100 fabricated and made-up charges , pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign , may poison the minds of the American Voter . FIX ! 
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] - for their support today on the Spending Bill . Their vote , and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion . Thank you all ! 
The average 401 ( k ) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466 . Wow ! 
This will be a big week for Infrastructure . After so stupidly spending 7 trillion in the Middle East , it is now time to start investing in OUR Country ! 
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands , but these killers come back in from El Salvador , and through Mexico , like water . El Salvador just takes our money , and Mexico must help MORE with this problem . We need The Wall ! 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U . S . MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington , D . C . We love you [HANDLE] [HANDLE] ! [URL] [URL] 
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is " no path to victory for Trump " that is now pushing the phony Russia story . A total scam ! 
FEMA , First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence . As the storm begins to finally recede , they will kick into an even higher gear . Very Professional ! 
School shooting survivor says he quit [HANDLE] Town Hall after refusing scripted question . [HANDLE] . Just like so much of CNN , Fake News . Thats why their ratings are so bad ! MSNBC may be worse . 
President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4 GDP , stated President Obama . I guess I have a magic wand , 4 . 2 , and we will do MUCH better than this ! We have just begun . 
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up . But remember , he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who . MuellerComey best friends ! 
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems " said Col . Tony Shaffer . We will stop this craziness ! [HANDLE] 
All of this " Russia " talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts Reform . Is this coincidental ? NOT ! 
Don ' t reward Mitt Romney , who let us all down in the last presidential race , by voting for Kasich ( who voted for NAFTA , open borders etc .). 
This is collusion illusion , there is no smoking gun here . At this late date , after all that we have gone through , after millions have been spent , we have no Russian Collusion . There is nothing impeachable here . [HANDLE] Time for the Witch Hunt to END ! 
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64 of the Trump Agenda is already done , faster than even Ronald Reagan . Were blown away , said Thomas Binion of Heritage , President Trump is very active , very conservative and very effective . Huge volume spectrum of issues . 
The U . S . recorded its slowest economic growth in five years ( 2016 ). GDP up only 1 . 6 . Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly . 
I am in Kansas . Will be an exciting day . Big speech this morning in Wichita , and then go to caucus . Sorry CPAC ( the format was fine !). 
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick [HANDLE] . Big crowd expected in Moon Township . Vote Rick and see you there ! [HASHTAG] 
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims . The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX , but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed ? 
The safety of the American People is my highest priority . I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI , Department of Justice , Department of Homeland Security , and the U . S . Secret Service ... [URL] 
groveling " when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad . Just more very dishonest media ! 
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach , Bobby Knight , has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana . Big speech tomorrow with Bobby ! 
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania . He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they havent been represented in many years . Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy , he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Obamacare is a disaster . We must REPEAL REPLACE . Tired of the lies , and want to [HASHTAG] ? Get out VOTE [URL] 
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar ( plus 1 . 8 Billion Dollar in CASH ) Nuclear Deal with the United States , and others who paid NOTHING , long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit . Not good ! 
Looks like yet another terrorist attack . Airplane departed from Paris . When will we get tough , smart and vigilant ? Great hate and sickness ! 
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow . What a disgrace to our system . Never heard of this before . VERY UNFAIR , SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED . A rigged Witch Hunt ! 
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country , in St . Louis Park , Minnesota , is under siege . That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election . People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA ! 
 [HANDLE] : GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT [HANDLE] OFF THE AIR . Blah blah . A real dummy ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Don ' t believe the [HANDLE] Polls , they are just another phony hit job on me . I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election . 
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me . Time to retire the boring and unfunny show . Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging election ! 
Things are going along very well with China . They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars , made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going . So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation . No help from Fed ! 
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school , accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers , and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world ... [URL] 
 [HASHTAG] Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration . Get it done , always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security . 
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons . Most came through our Southern Border . We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall . Walls Work ! John Jones , Texas Department of Public Safety . [HANDLE] 
Former Senator Harry Reid ( he got thrown out ) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career . He led through lies and deception , only to be replaced by another beauty , Cryin Chuck Schumer . Some things just never change ! 
A perfectly executed strike last night . Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military . Could not have had a better result . Mission Accomplished ! 
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith , the lowest rated show on [HANDLE] . Actually , whenever possible , I turn to [HANDLE] ! 
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people ! 
We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are . Neil Irwin of the [HANDLE] . 
Hillary ' s staff thought her email scandal might just blow over . Who would trust these people with national security ? [URL] 
Some low-life journalist claims that I " made a pass " at her 29 years ago . Never happened ! Like the [HANDLE] story which has become a joke ! 
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated [HANDLE] Resort , the worlds best . 
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California . God bless our brave First Responders and [HANDLE] team . We support you ! [URL] 
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by [HANDLE] . " Spied on before nomination ." The real story . 
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility . House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion , Coordination or anything else with Russia . So now the Probe says OK , what else is there ? How about Obstruction for a made up , phony crime . There is no O , its called Fighting Back
Wow , NATO ' s top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS . This is a general I will like ! 
If [HANDLE] stopped covering me on her show , her ratings would drop like a rock ! My h to h interview with [HANDLE] beat her by millions ! 
Why isnt the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U . S . Totally unfair to our farmers , workers companies . Take down your tariffs barriers or we will more than match you ! 
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great [HANDLE] Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg , Ireland . Mikes family has lived in Doonbeg for many years , and he thought that during his very busy European visit , he would stop and see his family ! 
Sergio Marchionne , who passed away today , was one of the most brilliant successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford . It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS , he loved the car industry , and fought hard for it . He will be truly missed ! 
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs . Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach , Fla . They are a wonderful couple ! 
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact . Take ad down Ted . Biggest liar in politics ! 
Poll data shows that [HANDLE] does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida . Important to keep the MAJORITY . Run Marco ! 
Im with you ! I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] [URL] 
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U . S . car dealers-tax free across border . Make in U . S . A . or pay big border tax ! 
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President ' s Park in April . I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic . We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis ! [URL] 
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U . S . A . or our " leader " - If I win it will be a very different story , with very fast results
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party , a disaster for Dems . You watch her in action vote R ! 
The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year . Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA . Sadly , the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews . We are compiling a long beautiful list . 
Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didnt happen . Darrell Issa , House Oversight . We can take out the word apparently . [HANDLE] 
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book , Liars , Leakers and Liberals , the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy , which is fantastic . Go get it ! 
Just finished my second speech . 20K in Dayton 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd . Thanks- I love you , Ohio ! [URL] 
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the [HASHTAG] : Keep the watch Protect her Defend her LOVE HER Good Luck Godspeed ! [URL] 
I met Prince on numerous occasions . He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy . He will be greatly missed ! 
 [HANDLE] : " I believe in science " Dem code for " we ' re shutting down coal mines , steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
The U . S . has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders . How nice , but what do we get ? NOT ENOUGH
Thank you Eau Claire , Wisconsin . [HASHTAG] on Tuesday , April 5th ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Our economy , right now , is the Gold Standard throughout the World . [HANDLE] So true , and not even close ! 
Look what Fake ABC News put out . I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Remember when they were saying , during the campaign , that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds , but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillarys large and highly sophisticated staff . Well , not saying that anymore ! 
It is actually hard to believe how naive ( or dumb ) the Failing [HANDLE] is when it comes to foreign policy ... weak and ineffective ! 
No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents . Still , the Presidents record is unparalleled . [HANDLE] 
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well , great support . With just a few changes , some mathematical , the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well ! 
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin , and all that I gave up , remember , I gave up NOTHING , we merely talked about future benefits for both countries . Also , we got along very well , which is a good thing , except for the Corrupt Media ! 
So funny , Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly , and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U . K . All talk , no action ! 
By not doing the failed , poorly rated debate , I was able to make the point of not allowing " unfairness " - while raising 6 , 000 , 000 for VETS . 
They do stories so big on Elizabeth Pocahontas Warrens crowd sizes , adding many more people than are actually there , and yet my crowds , which are far bigger , get no coverage at all . Fake News ! 
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U . S . What they dont say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals .... and these same countries Tariff us to death . These lawmakers are just fine with this ! 
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon , but they havent apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis . They have reached the lowest level of journalism , and certainly a low point in [HANDLE] history ! 
Republicans are doing so well in early voting , and at the polls , and now this Bomb stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics . Very unfortunate , what is going on . Republicans , go out and vote ! 
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry ! 
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci , he wanted to endorse me 1st , before the Republican Primaries started , but didn ' t think I was running ! 
Wow , it is unbelievable how distorted , one-sided and biased the media is against us . The failing [HANDLE] is a joke . [HANDLE] is laughable ! 
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton , who wants to destroy all miners , I want wages to go up in America . We will do so by bringing back jobs ! 
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay , including a potential path to citizenship . We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U . S . 
As only one of two people left who could become President , why wouldnt the FBI or Department of Justice have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort ( on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped ) during my campaign ? Should have told me ! 
I am in South Korea now . President Moon and I have toasted our new Trade Deal , a far better one for us than that which it replaced . Today I will visit with , and speak to , our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ ( long planned ). My meeting with President Moon went very well ! 
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race . It is about respect for our Country , Flag and National Anthem . NFL must respect this ! 
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers . Only place worse may be [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] . Fiction writers ! 
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon . The SchumerPelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections . 
Fake News has it purposely wrong . Many , over ten , are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position . Why wouldnt someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington . Please report news correctly . Thank you ! 
It was the childishly written taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate , more so than lightweight reporter , [HANDLE] . 
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w their VA healthcare team from anywhere , using [HASHTAG] - available at : [URL] [URL] 
Join [HANDLE] , founded by Hall of Fame legend [HANDLE] on 1192017 in Washington , D . C . [URL] 
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer , why didnt President Obama the Democrats do something about Trade with China , including Theft of Intellectual Property etc .? They did NOTHING ! With that being said , Chuck I have long agreed on this issue ! Fair Trade , plus , with China will happen ! 
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world , after only Syria . Drug trade is largely the cause . We will BUILD THE WALL ! 
Wow , just released that 67 million in negative ads was spent on me . How am I still number one - by a lot ? 
Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES . Thank you to [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] for actually showing the clips . The Fake News wants no part of that narrative ! Too bad they dont want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set . 
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia . Now he runs against a total stiff , Tim Kaine , who is weak on crime and borders , and wants to raise your taxes through the roof . Dont underestimate Corey , a major chance of winning ! 
I am at the [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] . An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting ! 
Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help . So many New Yorkers devastated . Cruz hates New York ! 
Despite spending 500k a day on TV ads alone [HASHTAG] falls flat in nationwide [HANDLE] . Having ZERO impact . Sad !! 
Governor [HANDLE] of Arizona is doing a great job . Doug is strong on Crime , the Border , and our Second Amendment . Loves our Military our Vets . Vote for Doug , he has my full and Complete Endorsement ! 
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii . My great honor to visit [HANDLE] upon arrival . Heading to Pearl Harbor w [HANDLE] now . [URL] 
In the beautiful Midwest , windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees , the coldest ever recorded . In coming days , expected to get even colder . People cant last outside even for minutes . What the hell is going on with Global Waming ? Please come back fast , we need you ! 
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services , which they are now doing , but also to our Manufacturing , Farmers and other U . S . businesses and industries . Without this a deal would be unacceptable ! 
Mexico is paying ( indirectly ) for the Wall through the new USMCA , the replacement for NAFTA ! Far more money coming to the U . S . Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border , including large scale criminal and drug inflow , the United States Military will build the Wall ! 
No bedbugs at Doral . The Radical Left Democrats , upon hearing that the perfectly located ( for the next G-7 ) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7 , spread that false and nasty rumor . Not nice ! 
 [HANDLE] : I trust [HANDLE] more anyone ever to protect America . He WILL do the right thing for the U . S . A , without a doubt . 
Our American comeback story begins 11816 . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT again for everyone ! Watch : [URL] 
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent , just the same old status quo ! She is spending a fortune , I am spending very little . Close in polls ! 
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed [HANDLE] linebacker Edwin Jackson . This is just one of many such preventable tragedies . We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border , and with illegal immigration , FAST ! 
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats ( plus ) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax . There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted . It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election . Where is the server ? 
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU ! Flying to Grand Rapids , Michigan now . Watch NH rally here : [URL] 
Was [HANDLE] just named the most influential show in news ? You deserve it - three great people ! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success ! 
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world : THE U . S . ARMY . The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Tonight : [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , a performance by Kiiara , and your funniest [HASHTAG] tweets . [HASHTAG] 
Thank you Costa Mesa , California ! 31 , 000 people tonight with thousands turned away . I will be back ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend , Senator Dean Heller . He is all about [HASHTAG] and I need his Help and Talent in Washington . Also , Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR , and has my complete and total Endorsement . Winners Both ! 
A great and important day at the United Nations . Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much ( or all ) of what I stated in my speech ! 
I heard that the underachieving John King of [HANDLE] on Inside Politics was one hour of lies . Happily , few people are watching - dead network ! 
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress ! [HANDLE] If Dems win , she would be put in charge of our Countrys finances . The beginning of the end ! 
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous , I WON ! Thank you , these are very exciting times . 
 . [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] Source [HASHTAG] was the ( Fake ) Dossier . Yes , the Dirty Dossier , paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump , and looking for information that could discredit Candidate [HASHTAG] Trump . Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign ... ILLEGAL ! 
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria . Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U . S . I want to develop the U . S ., our military and countries that help us ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming . Lots young males , poorly vetted . 
As a matter of National Security I ' ve signed the Omnibus Spending Bill . I say to Congress : I will NEVER sign another bill like this again . To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again , I ' m calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills ! [URL] 
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam ! Thank you for your support ! [HASHTAG] today ! [HASHTAG] 
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricanedisaster funding to pay off other obligations . The U . S . will NOT bail out long outstanding unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money ! 
 [HANDLE] : Watch Joe Biden ' s Long History Of Grabbing , Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing : [URL] 
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election , just remember two words - FAKE NEWS ! 
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter ( grade of F ) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz . Fraud
Remember , Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year . The media refuses to mention this . I said Gillespie and Moore would lose ( for very different reasons ), and they did . I also predicted I would win . Republicans will do well in 2018 , very well ! [HANDLE] 
Today , my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants a top priority for [HANDLE] . I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools ! 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] good I want to see the court decide what I was always told " natural born " means - born on American soil
President Obamas top White House lawyer , Gregory B . Craig , was indicted yesterday on very serious charges . This is a really big story , but the Fake News New York Times didnt even put it on page one , rather page 16 . [HANDLE] not much better , tiny page one . Corrupt News ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate . Cryin Chuck will never stop . Did Senator [HANDLE] ever report speaking to a Russian !? 
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer , I would strongly suggest that you dont retain the services of Michael Cohen ! 
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton ! Reading poorly from the telepromter ! She doesn ' t even look presidential ! 
This election is a choice between law , order safety - or chaos , crime violence . I will make America safe again for everyone . [HASHTAG] 
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big . Because he was born in Canada and was , until recently , a Canadian citizen , many believe he cannot run ! 
Reading [HANDLE] of the NY Times is a total waste of time , he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy ! 
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio . He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs . His Socialist opponent in November should not do well , a big failure in last job ! 
 . [HANDLE] has worked so hard on Tax Reductions , Illegal Immigration , the Border and Crime . I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio , and has my full endorsement ! 
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence , as the storm gets even larger and more powerful . Be careful ! 
The Democrats want to abolish ICE , which will mean more crime in our country . I want to give ICE a big cheer ! Vote Republican in November . 
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A . G . Sulzberger , Publisher of the New York Times . Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media how that Fake News has morphed into phrase , Enemy of the People . Sad ! 
I didnt call Bob Costa of the Washington Post , he called me ( Returned his call )! Just more Fake News . 
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag Country , you will see change take place fast . Fire or suspend ! 
Loved the debate last night , and almost everyone said I won , but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution . All donors special ints
Great day in D . C . with [HANDLE] and Republican leadership . Things working out really well ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas . He is strong on Crime , the Border , the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets . John has my complete and total endorsement . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Everyone is laughing at the [HANDLE] for the lame hit piece they did on me and women . I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked ? Can that be possible ? 
On the recent non-binding vote ( 420-0 ) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report , I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency . Makes us all look good and doesnt matter . Play along with the game ! 
Mark Morgan , President Obamas Border Patrol Chief , gave the following message to me : President Trump , stay the course . I agree , and believe it or not , we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years ! 
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal . According to a Canada release , they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U . S . ( guess they were bragging and got caught !). Minimum is 17B . Tax Dairy from us at 270 . Then Justin acts hurt when called out ! 
Theres not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong . [HANDLE] One America News . So true , a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton , the DNC and others ! 
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party . But the biggest Winner will be our great Country ! 
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado . His credentials and talents are impeccable . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
 [HANDLE] : Challenge to all WI gun owners . Vote [HANDLE] . The only candidate that will protect your rights ! [URL] 
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U . S . Currently the tariff is 40 . 
The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim . [HANDLE] The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News ! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner , the Dems . 
 [HANDLE] : Yes ! Thank U 4 coming to LI ! It was a thrill 2 B part of it ! U will get the job done ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R ' s . Shame ! 
These politicians like Cruz and Graham , who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years , do nothing to make things better ! 
 . [HANDLE] No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are , a year and a half later . 
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at [HASHTAG] meetings . Good discussions on Syria . Hope for his help to solve , along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis . Progress being made . 
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs , Houston Astros , Pittsburgh Penguins , New England Patriots , Alabama and Clemson National Champions , and many others . National Anthem more great music today at 3 : 00 P . M . 
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont , WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly . Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads , bridges , tunnels , railways ( and more ) crumble ! Not for long ! 
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support ! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done ! [URL] 
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau , Missouri . Josh [HANDLE] will be a tireless champion for YOU . He is great on jobs , great on tax cuts , and tough on crime . He shares your values , and he will always support our Military , Vets and Police ! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh !! [URL] 
If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so , none of this stuff would have happened . [HANDLE] 
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut , another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries . I will stop this fast ! 
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr , whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier , and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM ( WITCH HUNT ), is still working for the Department of Justice ????? Can this really be so ????? 
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar , putting the U . S . at a big disadvantage . The Fed Interest rate way to high , added to ridiculous quantitative tightening ! They dont have a clue ! [URL] 
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations (?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump . Big stuff . Deep State . Give this information NOW ! [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people ! 
As you can see , I did nothing to lead people on , nor was I particularly happy with their chant . Just a very big and patriotic crowd . They love the USA ! [URL] 
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech . Sooo Boring ! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy . It will be over for them , not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him . It will be one big crash , but at least China will be happy ! 
A 60 increase in Texas Blue CrossBlue Shield through ObamaCare . I told you so , there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode ! 
The paid D . C . protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they havent gotten their checks - in other words , they werent paid ! Screamers in Congress , and outside , were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying ( or not paying ) the bills ! 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion , Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House . Congratulations ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
One down , one to go Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina ! [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are ! Cams starting to show crowds at rallies ! 
Happy New Year to all , including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don ' t know what to do . Love ! 
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary , we would all be much better off ! 
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally . Get tough ! 
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than [HANDLE] as your Senator . Saw him on [HANDLE] - totally ineffective . Wants paid for pols . 
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team , they all stood up for our National Anthem . Big progress being made-we all love our country ! 
Ted Cruz purposely , and illegally , did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks . They own him ! 
Heading to Pensacola , Florida - will be there soon . Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd ! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday ? [URL] 
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party . I am spending a lot myself and also helping others . 
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at , but my non-dealings are ? 
Heading to Baton Rouge , Louisiana for a speech . Expecting a very large crowd ! See you soon . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Thank you ! CNBC [HASHTAG] poll with over 400 , 000 votes . Trump 61 Clinton 39 [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Let ' s be clear .. [HASHTAG] is about " Never someone we don ' t own " You either play into it let them win or vote Trump . 
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag . The rally inside was big and beautiful , but outside , criminals ! 
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration . South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in . Don ' t allow it
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President . They dont know either what the big deal is . A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats ! 
BIG NEWS ! As I promised two weeks ago , the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana . Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA , were shipping freedom and opportunity abroad ! 
Colorado was amazing yesterday ! So much support . Our tax , trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country . 
If [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts reform . 
The Constitutional Crisis is the Democrats refusing to work . Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border . 
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED , as has been reported by the media . Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through ( thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides ). Makes sense to me ! 
 [HANDLE] : That ' s why we are angry . The Republican Establishment will not support you . You are who the American people want ! 
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary .... that ' s really saying something ! 
Join me Thursday in Florida Ohio ! West Palm Beach , FL at noon : [URL] Cincinnati , OH this 7 : 30pm : [URL] 
The U . S . has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election . May be the best economy in the history of our country . Record Jobs numbers . Nice ! 
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts , which the Fake News Media will never do ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers ... also , his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers . We will make great progress together ! 
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington . Tester takes his orders form Pelosi Schumer . Tester wants to raise your taxes , take away your 2A , open your borders , and deliver MOB RULE . Retire Tester Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale ! 
Professional anarchists , thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
their country ( the U . S . doesn ' t tax them ) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea ? I don ' t think so ! 
The [HANDLE] sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me . I wonder if it will change - doubt it ? 
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq disaster . We can do much better ! 
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade , a lot ! 
After The Flight 93 Election , The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose , by very talented Michael Anton , is a terrific read . Check it out ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to " dealing with men who get off the reservation ." Actually , she has done poorly with such men ! 
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U . S . It won ' t happen ! 
Wow , Strzok-Page , the incompetent corrupt FBI lovers , have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December , 2015 . SPYGATE is in full force ! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet ? Big stuff ! 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said its time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back . Actually Chuck , theyve been doing that from the day I announced for President . Theyve gone all out , and I WON , and now theyre going CRAZY ! 
 [HANDLE] : Truth be told , I never heard of The National Review until they " tried " to declare war on you . No worries , you got my vote ! 
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard , FEMA and many of the brave first responders others . 
It was so great being in Nebraska last week . Today is the big day -- get out and vote ! 
 . [HANDLE] of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party . Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th . Troy is strong on crime and borders , loves our Military , our Vets and our Second Amendment . He has my full and total Endorsement ! 
Wow , USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits . Verdict : 450 wins , 38 losses . Isn ' t that what you want for your president ? 
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today . How many law enforcement and people have to ... [URL] 
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U . S . Senate , goofy Elizabeth Warren , who lied on heritage . 
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years . Who wouldn ' t know this and why does Obama get a free pass ? 
If we dont have a wall system , were not going to have a country . Congress must fund the BORDER WALL prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country the people of our country . We must enforce our laws protect our people ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
There should be no further releases from Gitmo . These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield . 
Let us give thanks for all that we have , and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead . Happy Th [URL] 
Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons , or give them to others - he is ready to meet President Trump anytime . PBS News Hour . I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential ! 
Whether you are African-American , Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST ! [URL] 
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging . My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected . Listen to your local officials and be resilient . We are with you ! 
Great news ! Tonight , we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at [HASHTAG] in Manchester , New Hampshire ! [URL] 
Check out the fact that you cant get a job at ratings challenged [HANDLE] unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump ? Little Jeff Zuker , whose job is in jeopardy , is not having much fun lately . They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting ! 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm ! Colorado Springs : [URL] Denver : [URL] 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for agreeing to expand operations in the U . S . and thereby creating thousands of jobs ! [URL] 
Yesterday ' s failing [HANDLE] fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech , when in fact , it was packed ! [URL] 
The [HANDLE] is trying to make someone ( Justice Kavanaugh ) into an evil person when they dont have the information to back it up . It is a false hoax . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Zero people were fired at the Times . Why ? 
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught , called out and fired . How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by Crooked H friend , Terry M , who was also under investigation ? How many lies ? How many leaks ? Comey knew it all , and much more ! 
We want our companies to hire grow in AMERICA , to raise wages for AMERICAN workers , to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities towns ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow ! Just starting to hear the Democrats , who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay , are starting to put out the word that the time and scope of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough . Hello ! For them , it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch ! 
When will the 13 Angry Democrats ( those who worked for President O ), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest ? Its been a long time now ! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems , Justice , FBI Russia ? 
Just like they dont want to solve the DACA problem , why didnt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House Senate during the Obama Administration . Because they didnt want to , and now they just talk ! 
As usual , Hillary the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games . Same as last time w Bernie . Unacceptable ! 
I will be the best by far in fighting terror . Im the only one that was right from the beginning , now Lyin Ted others are copying me . 
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family . Our country is very proud of them ! 
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D . C . Thank you to [HANDLE] and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech ! 
 [HANDLE] : Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president ; " We ' ve Endorsed Him , We Believe In Him " [HASHTAG] 
This shows what a complete total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn ' t have nominated John Roberts . Really ? [URL] 
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U . S . [HANDLE] Enjoy ! 
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington , Republican and Democrat alike . When things calm down , they will be thanking me ! 
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election , November 9 , 2016 , where the Market went up big after the win , and because of the win . Had my opponent won , CRASH ! 
The ratings at [HANDLE] blow away the ratings of [HANDLE] - not even close . That ' s because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don ' t like
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more , I believe the people are seeing " big stuff . 
If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia , than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer , Nancy Pelosi , Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey , the Inspector General .... Trey Gowdy
Trish_Regan : Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant ? I dont think so . The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents . Dont use Government resources to take down political foes . Weaponizing Government for gain . Is this really America ? Witch Hunt ! 
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS ( and a cost of over 30 , 000 , 000 ), NO COLLUSION ! 
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country , we are doing great in the Polls , even better than in 2016 , and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando , Florida . KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! 
Honored to receive an endorsement from [HANDLE] - thank you ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT AG [URL] 
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours . Actually , we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama . Fake News is working overtime ! 
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable , or the Justice Department should come to his rescue . The lies being told about him are unbelievable . False Accusations without recrimination . When does it stop ? They are trying to influence his opinions . Cant let that happen ! 
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people , the CubanAmerican people and the U . S . as a whole , I will terminate deal . 
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester , New Hampshire on 28 ! Register now : [URL] [URL] 
They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense . This whole thing was a complete setup . George Papadopoulos to [HANDLE] 
Why isn ' t Hillary 50 points ahead ? Maybe it ' s the email scandal , policies that spread ISIS , or calling millions of [URL] 
Today , we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason : to CUT THE RED TAPE ! For many decades , an ever-growing maze of regs , rules , and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars , millions of jobs , countless American factories , devastated entire industries . [URL] 
N . A . T . O . is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on ! 
Everyone knows there was a Spy , and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy ... Widespread Spying involving multiple people . Mollie Hemingway , The Federalist Senior Editor But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story ! 
Never thought Id say this but I think [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] [HANDLE] have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN NBC ! Look to final results ! Dont know how my poll numbers are so good , especially up 19 with Hispanics ? 
It was great being in Michigan . Remember , I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U . S . and protect car industry ! 
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel , or the Justice Department should come to his rescue . The lies being told about him are unbelievable . False Accusations without recrimination . When does it stop ? They are trying to influence his opinions . Cant let that happen ! 
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations . These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country , but cant because Dems are blocking them , some for two years-historic record . Passed committees , but Schumer putting them on hold . Bad ! 
 [HANDLE] : Our ineffective [HASHTAG] has to make a speech in [HASHTAG] to make everything look great . Mr . Trump [HASHTAG] 
The [HANDLE] states today that DJT believes " more countries should acquire nuclear weapons ." How dishonest are they . I never said this ! 
Despite requests , I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Maybe someday in the future . I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man ! 
The failing [HANDLE] , destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman , is preparing to close and save face by going online . It ' s dead ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others ! He is heads above the rest ! [HASHTAG] " Thanks ! 
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus , which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood , allows P . P . to continue if they stop this plan ! 
Today , it was my great honor to sign the [HASHTAG] - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people ! [URL] 
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say , so much at stake . It will be an incredible evening ! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the [HANDLE] crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan . Thank you to [HANDLE] for their immediate response and rescue efforts . Whatever you need , we are here for you . [HANDLE] 
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE ! [URL] 
I want to welcome you all to the [HANDLE] as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nations highest public safety award The Medal of Valor ... [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her . Great on the Military , Border Security and Crime . Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee . She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her ! 
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative . Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress , and has my Complete and Total Endorsement . He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight ! [HASHTAG] 
Sorry , I dont buy Rep . Tlaibs tears . I have watched her violence , craziness and , most importantly , WORDS , for far too long . Now tears ? She hates Israel and all Jewish people . She is an anti-Semite . She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party . Live with it ! 
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people . Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through . Mexican soldiers hurt , were unable , or unwilling to stop Caravan . Should stop them before they reach our Border , but wont ! 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands , to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] -FBIs Andrew McCabe , in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M ( Clinton Puppet ), he was using , allegedly , his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign . You obviously cannot do this . These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton . 
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down , but things have been , and are being , put in place that will drive them down substantially . If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion , we would get big results very fast ! 
Why haven ' t they released the final Missouri victory for us yet ? Could it be because Cruz ' s guy runs Missouri ? 
Wow ! The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clintons Emails . [HANDLE] This is really big . Never admitted before . Highly Classified Material . Will the Dems investigate this ? 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don ' t lose it for America for us ! 
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics ! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration ! [URL] 
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system . Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING , a very bad combination for our Country . Homeland Security is being sooo very nice , but not for long ! 
Cant let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat ( Liberal Plus ) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories ( sound familiar ?), false allegations , and lies . This is the game they play . Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime ! [HASHTAG] 
My condolences to those involved in today ' s horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders . 
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming ! We placed a 25 Tariff on dumped steel from China other countries , and we now have a big and growing industry . We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries , both of which are coming back strong ! 
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders , not weak people such as [HANDLE] , if it is going to stop illegal immigration . 
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is . So many people hurt , so bad for our country - a total sham ! [URL] 
Today , we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 , and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it . Watch here : [URL] [URL] 
Great interview of Ron Vitiello , Former Acting Ice Director , by [HANDLE] , on [HANDLE] , about all of the work that is being ( has been ) done on our Southern Border . Thanks Ron , terrific job ! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes Asylum . 
All the online polls have me winning the debate . I really enjoyed the evening . Not easy , but good . [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] poll just hit 49 for Trump . Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty . Love it ! 
Lying Cruz put out a statement , Trump Rubio are wObama on gay marriage ." Cruz is the worst liar , crazy or very dishonest . Perhaps all 3 ? 
I ' m with YOU . I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Thank you Mr . Mrs . [HANDLE] for the wonderful and magical evening last night . It will not be forgotten . [HASHTAG] 
Congressman Adam Schiff , who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking , should be forced to resign from Congress ! 
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin . allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U . S . We are removing them fast ! 
 [HANDLE] : Poll : Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart [URL] [HANDLE] " Great ! 
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A . C . Others to follow . Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City . 
The Rigged Witch Hunt , originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S ( for one year ) now , 13 Angry Democrats , should look into the missing DNC Server , Crooked Hillarys illegally deleted Emails , the Pakistani Fraudster , Uranium One , Podesta so much more . Its a Democrat Con Job ! 
FBI Agent Peter Strzok , who headed the Clinton Russia investigations , texted to his lover Lisa Page , in the IG Report , that well stop candidate Trump from becoming President . Doesnt get any lower than that ! 
Will be in Alabama tonight . Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement , but will be very close . He loves Alabama , and so do I ! 
Steel is coming back fast ! U . S . Steel is adding great capacity also . So are others . [URL] 
Thehas great strength patience , but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies , we will have no choice but to totally destroy [HASHTAG] . [URL] 
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years ( thank you , Mr . President !), we are a net Energy Exporter , now the Number One Energy Producer in the World . We dont need Middle Eastern Oil Gas , in fact have very few tankers there , but will help our Allies ! 
The race for DNC Chairman was , of course , totally " rigged ." Bernie ' s guy , like Bernie himself , never had a chance . Clinton demanded Perez ! 
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt . The world cannot tolerate terrorism , we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence ! 
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but , importantly , our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL . We have just begun ! 
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill . Everyone is talking , really nice to see ! 
Will be heading to Grand Rapids , Michigan , tonight for a Big Rally . Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country , but also the car companies , others , that are pouring back into Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania , North South Carolina all over ! 
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation . It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today ! Full Remarks : [URL] [URL] 
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing , not a bad thing . There always playing politics - bad for our country . I want to solve North Korea , Syria , Ukraine , terrorism , and Russia can greatly help ! 
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access , INCREASE choices , and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE ! [URL] [URL] 
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades . Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout ! 
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of [HASHTAG] to heed the advice and orders of local state officials ! [URL] 
Farm Bill just passed in the House . So happy to see work requirements included . Big win for the farmers ! 
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped , as has incorrectly been reported , but will be pursued and , if anything , substantially increased . I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating ! 
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence . Our currency declares IN GOD WE TRUST . And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are One Nation Under God . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved . I will be at my desk , pen in hand ! 
Now that I am back from Singapore , where we had a great result with respect to North Korea , the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt , always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime . 
Our countrys great First Lady , Melania , is doing really well in Africa . The people love her , and she loves them ! It is a beautiful thing to see . 
If we let Crooked run the govt , history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Hes got a very good point . Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs . Clintons criminality at her own hands , or through others , that ought to be investigated . I fully agree with the President on that . [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] Show
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U . S . - Explained that the U . S . must fix the many bad trade deals it has made . Will get done ! 
 [HANDLE] : Nice column by Bill Donahue , head of Catholic League . He ' s a blue collar New Yorker and gets it [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] voted against Tax Cuts , great Healthcare , Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need . She is an automatic far left vote , controlled by her bosses . John James can be a truly great Senator ! 
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign ( and others ), colluded with Russia . They havent figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election ! 
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package weve proposed would cut 15 , 000 , 000 , 000 in Wasteful Spending ! We are getting our government back on track . 
So many amazing things happened over the last three days . All , or at least most of those things , are great for the United States . Much was accomplished ! 
Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] This should NEVER happen to a President again ! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION , NO OBSTRUCTION . Now they should go back to work and legislate ! 
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events . He would say , its a personal favor to me . Seldom , but sometimes , I would go . It was fine . He came to my office in T . T . during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me . Just a conman at work ! 
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh DSouza today . He was treated very unfairly by our government ! 
The only problem our economy has is the Fed . They dont have a feel for the Market , they dont understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders . The Fed is like a powerful golfer who cant score because he has no touch - he cant putt ! 
Prosperity is returning . Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate , now as the most effective president , the most successful president , in modern American history . Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs ! 
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA . Florida is setting records in almost every category of success . Amazing achievement-the envy of the World . Ron DeSantis will build on this success . His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] keep shining .... the ppl will not let the media dim your light ... we no longer believe them ! [HASHTAG] " Thanks . 
I never called Meghan Markle nasty . Made up by the Fake News Media , and they got caught cold ! Will [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and others apologize ? Doubt it ! 
The Fed has got to do something ! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States , not the Central Bank of the World . Mark Grant [HANDLE] Correct ! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly , and now is very , very late . Too bad , so much to gain on the upside ! 
Remember , don ' t believe " sources said " by the VERY dishonest media . If they don ' t name the sources , the sources don ' t exist . 
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem ? We will see what happens ! 
Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media . [HANDLE] The fact is that many anonymous sources dont even exist . They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters . Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in . They got caught red handed ! Enemy of the People ! 
 [HANDLE] : Look everybody , DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying !!! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
The Economy is raging , at an all time high , and is set to get even better . Jobs and wages up . Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going ! 
Democrats must change the Loophole Asylum Laws - but they probably wont ! They want Open Borders , which means massive crime and drugs ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri . I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November . We need you in Washington ! 
62 years ago this week , a brave seamstress in Montgomery , Alabama uttered one word that changed history ... [URL] 
House votes today on ChoiceMISSION Act . Who will stand with our Great Vets , caregivers , and Veterans Service Organizations ? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day ! 
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand . They will have to work very hard to prove that one . So Ridiculous ! 
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the [HANDLE] today . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
More than 4 , 000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170 , 000 acres . Our hearts are with those fighting the fires , the 52 , 000 who have evacuated , and the families of the 11 who have died . The destruction is catastrophic . God Bless them all . 
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a [HANDLE] Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime ! 
Watch [HANDLE] at 6 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] . Russian Hoax the big topic ! Mainstream Media , often referred to as the Fake News Media , hates to discuss the real facts ! 
Budget that just passed is a really big deal , especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U . S . history - MSM barely covered ! 
 . [HANDLE] will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting . They seem to be in good health . Also , good meeting with Kim Jong Un . Date Place set . 
 . [HANDLE] is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9 : 00 PM ( E ), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered . Tremendous guests , a must see Enjoy ! 
Give AAP Rocky his FREEDOM . We do so much for Sweden but it doesnt seem to work the other way around . Sweden should focus on its real crime problem ! [HASHTAG] 
Yesterday , it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J . Shurer II , for his actions on April 6 , 2008 , when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers . Read more : [URL] [URL] 
Happy Easter ! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well , with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before . Have a great day ! 
Americas greatest treasure is our people and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK . We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity , purpose and pride . AMERICAN SPIRIT is back ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow , interview released by Wikileakes shows " quid pro quo " in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe . Such a dishonest person - Paul Ryan does zilch ! 
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values . In a few moments , I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses . [URL] 
Thoughts prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew . Look out for neighbors , and listen [URL] 
Polls close , but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED . Media rigging election ! 
Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook . President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign . Not many people said Obama is out of Control . Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q . Houlton [HANDLE] on the [HASHTAG] being put out by [HANDLE] , a proud member of the Opposition Party . [HANDLE] is doing a great job ! 
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton . What she did was wrong ! What Bill did was stupid ! 
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held ( Congress must fix the laws and loopholes ) will be , subject to Homeland Security , given to Sanctuary Cities and States ! 
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails , many of which are REALLY BAD . Also gave false election info . I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption . At some point I may have to get involved ! 
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 12 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country . We get ZERO media credit for what we have done , and are doing , but the people know , and thats all that is important ! 
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea . Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today . This situation will be handled ! 
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush . First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects . Will be a beautiful day ! 
Martha McSally , running in the Arizona Primary for U . S . Senate , was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake .... and turned it down - a first ! Now Martha , a great U . S . Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress , WINS BIG . Congratulations , and on to November ! 
Happy [HASHTAG] ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill . I love Hispanics ! [URL] [URL] 
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week : President Trong , Prime Minister Phuc , and the wonderful people of Vietnam ! [URL] 
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is , to her husband , Thank you for being here . Im glad youre here Its their house , hes supposed to be there ! 
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District , and far beyond , that he doesnt need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway . He is a great guy and the absolute King of Cutting Taxes . Highly respected by all , he loves his State Country . Strong Endorsement ! 
I will be in beautiful Burlington , Vermont , tonight for a rally . Will be great fun . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now producing a great deal more oil than ever before . [HANDLE] But this is bad news for Russia , why would President Trump do such a thing ? Thought he worked for Kremlin ? 
Congratulations to the U . S . Womens Soccer Team on winning the World Cup ! Great and exciting play . America is proud of you all ! 
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of [HANDLE] Magazine . Way down , big trouble , dead ! Graydon Carter , no talent , will be out ! 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC . [URL] 
It was not a campaign contribution , and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me . Fake News ! 
Finally , Liddle Adam Schiff , the leakin monster of no control , is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election . He is finally right about something . Obama was President , knew of the threat , and did nothing . Thank you Adam ! 
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott . We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting . 
Today , I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education . EO : [URL] 
Sen . Richard Blumenthal , who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had ( major lie ), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him ? 
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock ! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST ! 
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S . C . He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration . 
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen ! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action . Also , thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon ! 
The rigged Dem Primary , one of the biggest political stories in years , got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night . Disgraceful ! 
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States ( No Collusion ) when it was the other side that illegally created the diversionary criminal event and even spied on my campaign ? Disgraceful ! 
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media " screaming " for Crooked Hillary Clinton . Next , she was a bad candidate ! 
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing [HANDLE] will I at least be given some credit ? Will happen soon . 
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students , teachers and families . So much love in the midst of so much pain . We must not let them down . We must keep our children safe !! Full Listening Session : [URL] [URL] 
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95 . 1 of Manufacturers have a positive outlook for their companies . This is the best number in the Associations history ! 
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case , Gonzalo Curiel ( San Diego ), who is very unfair . An Obama pick . Totally biased-hates Trump
Why didn ' t Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them ! Crooked Hillary . 
Big announcement today : Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads . Historic transparency for American patients is here . If drug companies are ashamed of those priceslower them ! 
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for [HASHTAG] . He could be Canadian Prime Minister . 
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division . We must come together as a nation . I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence . Peace to ALL Americans ! 
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law . " This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic , they are ready to grow their businesses ." [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : On [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] was on the ball [HASHTAG] is in a time warped stupor . [HANDLE] will EXPAND [HASHTAG] 
Rep . Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar . Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman ! 
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka , with more that 600 badly injured , in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels . The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka . We stand ready to help ! 
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror . Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are ! 
Hopefully the violence unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end . To those injured , get well soon . We need unity leadership . 
 . [HANDLE] ' s new book , ' In Trump We Trust , comes out tomorrow . People are saying it ' s terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is ! 
Disloyal R ' s are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary . They come at you from all sides . They dont know how to win - I will teach them ! 
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY and the United States of America is standing right by their side ! 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday . Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight , where we will WIN . Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day see you in a few hours ! [URL] 
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security . The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military , at a time we need it more than ever . We need a merit based system of immigration , and we need it now ! No more dangerous Lottery . 
 [HANDLE] : JohnKasich , the VOTERS have spoken . We want [HANDLE] . You AGREED to support NOMINEE . Get on board or leave [HANDLE] 
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange . Important to the United States ! 
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters , and while many of her supporters will never vote for me , I still respect them all ! 
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina . Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work theyve done ! 
We should immediately pass Voter ID [HANDLE] to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system . Also , Paper Ballots as backup ( old fashioned but true !). Thank you ! 
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought . Georgia and North Carolina also . Its moving around and very hard to predict , except that it is one of the biggest and strongest ( and really wide ) that we have seen in decades . Be safe ! 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] thank God is not a politician , but he ' s one heck of a fighter who will fight for us , the people . 
Morning Joe ' s weakness is its low ratings . I don ' t watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and [HASHTAG] - sad irrelevant ! 
After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses , the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia . Ken Dilanian [HANDLE] 
Big G7 meetings today . Lots of very important matters under discussion . First on the list , of course , is terrorism . [HASHTAG] 
The Great Charles Payne [HANDLE] correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes . 1 . When he said mid cycle adjustment . 2 . Were data dependent . He did not do the right thing . I agree ( to put it mildly !). [HANDLE] 
I will be interviewed on [HANDLE] tonight after the NFL game - 7 : 00 P . M . Enjoy ! 
Economy growing ! Excluding hurricane effects , CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3 . 9 in Q3 . Stock market at a new high , unemployment at a low . We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear ! [URL] 
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville , Tennessee . Love our farmers , love Tennessee - a great combination ! See you in a little while . 
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States ! After so many years , this will be a great moment for so many families . Thank you to Kim Jong Un . 
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates , Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush , signed a binding PLEDGE ? They broke the deal , no honor ! 
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the [HANDLE] . In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone ! 
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS , GROWTH for our country , tearing down TRADE BARRIERS , JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY . It will be a big hit ! 
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia . As I have been saying all along , it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies . There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed . Witch Hunt ! 
Another fantastic [HASHTAG] tonight in the Great State of Florida . In just 3 days , the People of Florida are going to elect [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] to protect your jobs , defend your BORDERS , and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] [URL] 
Shouldnt 2015 and 2016 be revealed , how Intelligence Agencies , FBI , tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before ? [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
To the great people of West Virginia we have , together , a really great chance to keep making a big difference . Problem is , Don Blankenship , currently running for Senate , cant win the General Election in your State ... No way ! Remember Alabama . Vote Rep . Jenkins or A . G . Morrisey ! 
 [HANDLE] : 1st time I heard [HASHTAG] I said " wow ". I liked him ! I then became a closet [HASHTAG] fan . Today ? He ' s the ONLY 1 I will vote for ! 
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . After so many bad years they were ready for a win ! 
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States . We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but cant get through our Wall , but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall . Not easy ! 
Thank you ARIZONA ! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before . Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE [URL] 
Heading to D . C . to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER . Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY . Great spirit ! 
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U . S . should look to our past .... and you will doubt it no longer . [URL] 
Wow , President Obama ' s brother , Malik , just announced that he is voting for me . Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else ! 
With the wonderful College , University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA , there has never been a better time than now to graduate . Best jobs market ever , great housing and financing . Go out there , work hard , have a GREAT life . You deserve it . Congratulations ! 
I will be doing the [HANDLE] with my wife , Melania , and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall . Hopefully , it will be fun ! Enjoy . 7A . M . 
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well ! In the meantime , no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months . All of Asia is thrilled . Only the Opposition Party , which includes the Fake News , is complaining . If not for me , we would now be at War with North Korea ! 
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Crooked Hillary will sell us out , just like her husband did with NAFTA . 
President Donald J . Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States . 20 hostages , many in impossible circumstances , have been released in last two years . No money was paid . Cheif Hostage Negotiator , USA ! 
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica , one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time , showed RESPECT for our National Anthem ! [URL] 
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember , he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1 . 8 Billion Dollars in CASH sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal ( now terminated ) approved by Little Bob Corker . 
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax . Started by little Eric Schneiderman Coumo . So many leaving New York ! [URL] 
Wow , Report Just Out ! Google manipulated from 2 . 6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election ! This was put out by a Clinton supporter , not a Trump Supporter ! Google should be sued . My victory was even bigger than thought ! [HANDLE] 
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust . With each passing year , our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge [HASHTAG] . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year , for many years , on Crazy Trade with China . NO MORE ! 
What America Needs : The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord [HANDLE] Available now . [URL] 
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty -- for now . But Hillary has pledged to expand it , taking jobs from Hispanic African-American workers . 
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers . After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries , you have waited long enough ! 
 . [HANDLE] is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey . He is outstanding in every way . Strong on Borders , loves our Military and our Vets . Big Crime fighter . Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement ! 
Got the endorsement of Brian France and [HANDLE] yesterday in Georgia . Also , many of the sports great drivers . Thank you Nascar and Georgia ! 
Australia , New Zealand , and more . I am always available to them . [HANDLE] is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me . 
Does the so-called Senior Administration Official really exist , or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source ? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist , the Times must , for National Security purposes , turn himher over to government at once ! 
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people . Our relationship has never been better , and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road . This trip has been an incredible success for the President . [HANDLE] 
The RNC , which is probably not on my side , just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC . 
 [HANDLE] : Saw ur speech on Twitter . U give me hope and optimism . I feel as though I am in the room with u . I pray 4 urour success . 
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border . Many more troops coming . We will NOT let these Caravans , which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members , into the U . S . Our Border is sacred , must come in legally . TURN AROUND ! 
The Radical Left Dems are working hard , but THE PEOPLE are much smarter . Working hard , thank you ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] We are not looking to fill all of those positions . Don ' t need many of them - reduce size of government . [HANDLE] 
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me . Look at the poverty , crime and educational statistics . I will fix it ! 
Looks like the Bernie people will fight . If not , their BLOOD , SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time . Kaine stands for opposite ! 
Wisconsin ' s economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U . S ., jobs are leaving . I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Catch and Release is an obsolete term . It is now Catch and Detain . Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U . S . A ., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U . S . Asylum , will be detained or turned away . Dems must approve Border Security Wall NOW ! 
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported . This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts . These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country . They broke the law by coming into the country , now by staying . 
Today , as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month , we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper . Today , and every day , we honor , cherish , and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers , Families , Students , Businesses , and Leaders ... [URL] 
The Mainstream Media is out of control . They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see . It has never been this bad . They have gone bonkers , no longer care what is right or wrong . This large scale false reporting is sick ! 
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the [HANDLE] has never been stronger . We achieved historic wins with her help last year ! [HASHTAG] 
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning . Finally , after all these years of watching stupidity , we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill , I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership . Would be done by end of year ( NOW ). It didnt happen ! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U . S . A . Not good ! 
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket . Donnelly is trying to steal the election ? Isnt that what Russia did !? 
Huma calls it a " MESS ," the rest of us call it CORRUPT ! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I dont care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats , I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security ! I am in the White House ready to go , where are the Dems ? 
Word is that [HANDLE] Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at [HANDLE] [HANDLE] because she refused to go along w ' Trump hate ! 
Today , I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon . [URL] 
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance . We are gathered here on the sacred soil of [HANDLE] Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America ' s greatest heroes , the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Don ' t worry , getting rid of state lines , which will promote competition , will be in phase 2 3 of healthcare rollout . [HANDLE] 
On 120 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35 , 000 ISIS fighters held approx 17 , 500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria . As of 1221 , the U . S . military est the remaining 1 , 000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1 , 900 square miles .. [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Will be going to Detroit , Michigan ( love ), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State U . S . Already happening ! 
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U . S . came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal : 150 billion
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love . [URL] 
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6 , 500 JOBS in Michigan ( Detroit area ), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4 . 5 Billion Dollar investment . Thank you Fiat Chrysler . They are all coming back to the USA , its where the action is ! 
 [HANDLE] : It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep . [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] 
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning . Good jobs are coming back to U . S ., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW ! 
Remember when the failing [HANDLE] apologized to its subscribers , right after the election , because their coverage was so wrong . Now worse ! 
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY , to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES , and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States . Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS . Huge win for American workers and the USA ! [URL] 
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant , courageous , patriotic , and PROUD AMERICANS . Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in Americas future . Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders ... [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] - Thank you for your nice words on Fox today . They never use my full statements on nuclear , which you would agree with ! 
Great day in Colorado Arizona . Will be in Nevada , Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me ! Tickets : [URL] 
The most important way to stop gangs , drugs , human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border . We need Border Security , and as EVERYONE knows , you cant have Border Security without a Wall . The Drones Technology are just bells and whistles . Safety for America ! 
Impeach for what , having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Countrys history , rebuilding our Military , taking care of our Vets ( Choice ), Judges , Best Jobs Numbers Ever , and much more ? Dems are Obstructionists ! [URL] 
To all of my twitter followers , please contribute whatever you can to the campaign . We must beat Crooked Hillary . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] There isn ' t anything Donald Trump says that I don ' t agree with . Go Trump ! 
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions , and if they dont , they will after I speak to them . I am in total support . Also , Democrats will destroy your Medicare , and I will keep it healthy and well ! 
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed , even more importantly , our handshake . We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea . China , on the other hand , may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not ! 
I believe in [HASHTAG] and that means FAMILY FIRST ! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas [URL] 
Thank you Indiana ! A vote for Mike [HANDLE] is a vote to keep your jobs going up , your wages going up , and your healthcare costs coming down . Its a vote to keep your families safe to keep criminals , traffickers drug dealers OUT of our Country ! Get out and for for Mike ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] - Just read your complete statement . You are an amazing guy I really appreciate your words support . I will see you soon ! 
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest , incompetent and of very bad judgement . 
The Republican Party had a great night . Tremendous voter energy and excitement , and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November . The Economy is sooo strong , and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes , why wouldnt we win ? 
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago . Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow . I told you so
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners . Very good news , perhaps a first giant step to peace . Congratulations to both countries ! 
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime . Today , I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly , Juan Guaido , as the Interim President of Venezuela . [URL] 
Just had lunch with French President [HANDLE] . Many good things are happening for both of our countries . Big weekend with other world leaders ! 
Whether I choose him or not for " State " - Rex Tillerson , the Chairman CEO of ExxonMobil , is a world class player and dealmaker . Stay tuned ! 
Today , I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual [HANDLE] ! You are living witnesses of this years March for Life theme : [HASHTAG] . [URL] 
to make up their own minds as to the truth . The media lies to make it look like I am against " Intelligence " when in fact I am a big fan ! 
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U . S . with Hurricane flights . Fantastic job ! 
Prior to departing Wisconsin , I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis , Maryland . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families . Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene . 
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again , she needs the rest . Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate ! 
Join me in Reno , Nevada on Wednesday at 3 : 30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center ! [HASHTAG] Tickets : [URL] 
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
46 of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump his Administration ." [HANDLE] It is actually much worse than this ! 
Bill O ' Reilly doing a major special on [HANDLE] tonight- [HANDLE] at 8pmE . Watch it , should be good ! [HASHTAG] 
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow . Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live . 
I have always been the same person-remain true to self . The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so ! 
When I said in an interview that Putin is " not going into Ukraine , you can mark it down ," I am saying if I am President . Already in Crimea ! 
Just spoke to [HANDLE] to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy . May God be with them all ! 
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL ( missing ), when in fact he was flying to North Korea . Fake News , so bad ! 
 . [HANDLE] The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty . Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie ! 
Top suspect in Paris massacre , Salah Abdeslam , who also knew of the Brussels attack , is no longer talking . Weak leaders , ridiculous laws ! 
Big day for HealthCare . After 7 years of talking , we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate ! 
As usual , the ObamaCare premiums will be up ( the Dems own it ), but we will Repeal Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts ! 
The Trump Economy is setting records , and has a long way up to go .... However , if anyone but me takes over in 2020 ( I know the competition very well ), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before ! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
Crooked Hillary said that I " couldn ' t handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign ." Really , I just beat 16 people and am beating her ! 
Amazingly , with all of the money I have raised for the vets , I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media . 
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina . Henry is tough on Crime and Borders , loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy . GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY , HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN ! 
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party . There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning . Lots of support ! Win
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday . Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten . 
Hoping things will work out with Israel ' s coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever . A lot more to do ! 
Remember , when you hear the words " sources say " from the Fake Media , often times those sources are made up and do not exist . 
The Media ( Fake News ) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard . Funny , Im only here because of Biden Obama . They didnt do the job and now you have Trump , who is getting it done - big time ! 
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7 . The Fake News knows this but they cant help themselves ! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J . 
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran . It is scattershot , poorly sourced ( made up ), and DANGEROUS . At least Iran doesnt know what to think , which at this point may very well be a good thing ! 
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ), by media Dems , of historic proportion ! 
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun . I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something , and especially since this is for the American People ! 
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip ! [URL] 
People like [HANDLE] report on my campaign , but have zero access . They say what they want without any knowledge . True of so much of media ! 
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S . McCain during my recent visit to Japan . Nevertheless , [HANDLE] and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do ! 
Where is the outrage for this Disney book ? Is this the ' Star of David ' also ? Dishonest media ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country . Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border . It is historic , with some countries the most dangerous places in the world . Not going to happen in the U . S . 
I never lashed out at the Acting Attorney General of the U . S ., a man for whom I have great respect . This is a made up story , one of many , by the Fake News Media ! 
The real Collusion , the Conspiracy , the Crime , was between the Clinton Campaign , the DNC , Fusion GPS , Christopher Steele .....( and many others including Comey , McCabe , Lisa Page and her lover , Ohr and his wonderful wife , and on and on !). [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] DonaldTrump : no raise in 8 years , home not worth what I paid for it , healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar . TRUMP 2016
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb ' s . These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough ! 
My two wonderful sons , Don and Eric , will be on [HANDLE] at 7 : 02 - now ! Enjoy . 
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster , the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump . Crazy ! 
Frank FX Giaccio- On behalf of [HANDLE] Melania myself , THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning ! [HANDLE] gives you an A ! [URL] 
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldnt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal ! 
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America . Special thanks to [HANDLE] Mitch McConnell and Chairman [HANDLE] for shepherding our bill through the Senate . Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas ! [URL] 
Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem . Great disrespect ! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season . Attendance and ratings way down . 
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way . The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception ! 
 [HANDLE] : Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America ' s hands . No guns no protection . Get on [HASHTAG] join [HANDLE] to stop her . 
LIVE on [HASHTAG] : Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania . Get out VOTE tomorrow . LETS [HASHTAG] !! [URL] 
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt . 
Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U . S . A . Towards Cuba " Video : [URL] Transcript : [URL] 
Jerome Corsi : This is not justice , this is not America . This is a political prosecution . The Special Prosecutor ( Counsel ), to get this plea deal , demanded I lie and violate the law . Theyre the criminals . He is not alone . 17 Angry Dems . People forced to lie . Sad ! [HANDLE] 
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four progressives , but now they are forced to embrace them . That means they are endorsing Socialism , hate of Israel and the USA ! Not good for the Democrats ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] is trying so hard to bash [HANDLE] it ' s ridiculous " Don ' t worry , everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for the really nice words and thoughts on [HANDLE] , tonight hosted by Lous friend , [HANDLE] . Great job by all . P . S . Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel , Broadway . Have fun ! 
These crimes won ' t be happening if I ' m elected POTUS . Killer should have never been here . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move , we ' ll see what happens ! 
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront defeat this evil [URL] 
I have an idea for [HANDLE] whose campaign is a disaster . Try using your last name and don ' t be ashamed of it ! 
The Democrats just dont seem to want Border Security . They are fighting Border Agents recommendations . If you believe news reports , they are not offering much for the Wall . They look to be making this a campaign issue . The Wall will get built one way or the other ! 
The U . S . has been talking to North Korea , and paying them extortion money , for 25 years . Talking is not the answer ! 
I am self funding my campaign don ' t owe anybody anything ! I only owe it to the American people ! [HASHTAG] Watch : [URL] 
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend , President [HANDLE] of France . We are in the midst of meetings on Iran , Syria and Trade . We will be holding a joint press conference shortly , here at the [HANDLE] . [URL] 
China has been taking out massive amounts of money wealth from the U . S . in totally one-sided trade , but won ' t help with North Korea . Nice ! 
The failing [HANDLE] writes total fiction concerning me . They have gotten it wrong for two years , and now are making up stories sources ! 
I delivered a speech in Charlotte , North Carolina yesterday . I appreciate all of the feedback support . Lets [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz ? Let me know . [URL] 
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World . It has been given new life , and is thriving . Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country ! 
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation , raised or recieved millions more , ALL of which is given to charity , and media won ' t report ! 
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia . They are so happy ! Over here , in our country , some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win , even if it does save potentially millions millions of lives ! 
The Wall is being built and is well under construction . Big impact will be made . Many additional contracts are close to being signed . Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News ! 
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr . Tom Price , the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] He is for America ! Security for America ! Jobs for America ! There is no other leader ! 
As President , I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU , the American people ! [URL] 
First responders have been doing heroic work . Their courage devotion has saved countless lives they represent the very best of America ! [URL] 
I campaigned on Border Security , which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall . Our Southern Border has long been an Open Wound , where drugs , criminals ( including human traffickers ) and illegals would pour into our Country . Dems should get back here an fix now ! 
Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart . Strong on Crime , Borders and our 2nd Amendment , John is respected by all . Vote for John . He has my complete and total Endorsement ! 
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks . Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT ! 
When an old Wall at the Southern Border , that is crumbling and falling over , built in an important section to keep out problems , is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall , the Media says no new Wall has been built . Fake News ! Building lots of Wall ! 
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere , and many ballots are missing or forged . An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected . Must go with Election Night ! 
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress . All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong , the Witch Hunt ! 
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military , our Vets , and Jobs , Jobs , Jobs ! Two year deal gets us past the Election . Go for it Republicans , there is always plenty of time to CUT ! 
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House . The great people of Utah are Celebrating ! 
Thank you to KenStarr , former Independent Counsel , Whitewater , for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse , Russian meddling etc . Really great interview with [HANDLE] 
We stand firmly , strongly , and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement . You do not hear it nearly enough , but Americans across this Country love you , support you , and respect you more than you could possibly know ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I hear [HANDLE] of rapidly fading [HANDLE] is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run . This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win . 
Trump gets no credit for what hes done in the Middle East . [HANDLE] So true , thank you Laura ! 
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace . Too bad , but we will get it done anyway ! 
 [HASHTAG] Tue : West Allis , WI . Thur : Hershey , PA . Fri : Orlando , FL . Sat : Mobile , AL . Tickets : [URL] 
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes , or better yet not have to use notes at all , when doing his racist hit on your President , who has done more for African Americans ( Criminal Justice Reform , Lowest Unemployment numbers in History , Tax Cuts , etc .) than almost any other Pres ! 
The U . S . has put together a STRONG bid w Canada Mexico for the 2026 World Cup . It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U . S . bid . Why should we be supporting these countries when they dont support us ( including at the United Nations )? 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] If media wasn ' t so biased against Trump , he would ' ve won all of the delegates . 
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world , we must have THE WALL . Mexico will pay for it through reimbursementother . 
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina , regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian . [URL] 
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting ( check out sex tape and past ) Alicia M become a U . S . citizen so she could use her in the debate ? 
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border . Numbers are going up fast , over 50 . Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime . Ridiculous that they dont want Border Security ! 
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election , and so badly ( 306 ), so they made up a story - RUSSIA . Fake news ! 
Just out : Neera Tanden , Hillary Clinton adviser said , Israel is depressing . I think Israel is inspiring ! 
I told you so ! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies , Google . They truly have taken advantage of the U . S ., but not for long ! 
I am running against the Washington insiders , just like I did in the Republican Primaries . These are the people that have made U . S . a mess ! 
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and [HANDLE] start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake TrumpRussia story ? 
Just landed in North Dakota with [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] . We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly ! [URL] 
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration , not the Trump Administration . Why didnt they do something about it , especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September , before the Election ? 
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldn ' t measure wait times . Hillary says VA problems are not widespread . I will take care of our vets ! 
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation ? They would get back their credibility . Jerry Nadler , Schiff , would have a whole new future open to them . Perhaps they could even run for President ! 
Wow , two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University . 
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1 , 000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA . Our Patriot Farmers rural America have spoken ! Now Congress must do its job support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement ! 
Rand Paul , or whoever votes against Hcare Bill , will forever ( future political campaigns ) be known as " the Republican who saved ObamaCare . 
The Democrats have been told , and fully understand , that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc . We must protect our Country at all cost ! 
I have never liked the media term ' mass deportation ' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land ! 
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council Strategy Policy Forum , I am ending both . Thank you all ! 
 [HANDLE] : Honored to be in [HASHTAG] with retired General Robert C . Oaks . We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before . Importantly , there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time ! 
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh . The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day . We were treaty so warmly . Small protest was not seen by us , staged far away . The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful ! 
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about . Very nice ! 
Study the late Joseph McCarthy , because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby ! Rigged Witch Hunt ! 
Alec Baldwin , whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL , now says playing me was agony . Alec , it was agony for those who were forced to watch . Bring back Darrell Hammond , funnier and a far greater talent ! 
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U . S . Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma , Arizona around the United States ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire . It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South . 
Donald E . Ballard , on behalf of the people of the United States , THANK YOU for your courageous service . YOU INSPIRE US ALL ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests ! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares ! We will [HASHTAG] ! 
Tomorrow ! Las Vegas , NV- 11a : [URL] Greeley , CO- 4p : [URL] Albuquerque , NM- 7p : [URL] 
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea . If they are unable to do so , the U . S ., with its allies , will ! U . S . A . 
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security the Wall ( which is already under major construction ). I am prepared to veto , if necessary . The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare , but it can be easily fixed ! 
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn . Will be interesting to see what he has to say , despite tremendous pressure being put on him , about Russian Collusion in our great and , obviously , highly successful political campaign . There was no Collusion ! 
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke . Join me ! Tickets : [URL] 
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state . Many were planning to leave , will now be staying . New York others should start changing their thought process on taxes , fast ! 
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years . Must be proactive nasty ! 
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China . We talked about many subjects , with a heavy emphasis on Trade . Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina . Also had good discussion on North Korea ! 
The Democrats have a death wish , in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE . This should cost them heavily in the Midterms . Yesterday , the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE ! 
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY ! They are totally unhinged and in many ways , after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people , I enjoy watching . In 7 years , when I am no longer in office , their ratings will dry up and they will be gone ! 
Wow , highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party . That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan . There must be something wrong , please recheck that poll ! 
Join us in Iowa , tomorrow ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 3 : 00pm : [URL] 7 : 30pm : [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Iowa key endorsement for [HANDLE] Can ' t wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal , the third rate Senator from Connecticut ( how is Connecticut doing ?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there . We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders ! 
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health . Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks ! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope ! 
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security , the Border and the Military ( which we are rapidly building to strongest ever ). 
This is your land , this is your home , and it ' s your voice that matters the most . So speak up , be heard , and fight , fight , fight for the change you ' ve been waiting for your entire life ! MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola , Florida ! [URL] 
As we unite on this day of prayer , we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith and ensure that ALL of our people can live , pray and worship IN PEACE . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage . See mediaasking for increase ! 
While I am in OH PA - you can also join [HANDLE] in Nevada on Mon ! Carson City : [URL] Reno : [URL] 
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U . S . A . G . So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught ! 
Wow , sleepy eyes [HANDLE] is at it again . He is do totally biased . The things I am saying are correct . - far better vision than the others
Today , I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate , as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore Americas depleted infrastructure . [URL] [URL] 
The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all . LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS . It was GREAT ! 
The Democrats want to shut government if we don ' t bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure . NO ! 
So they caught Fake News CNN cold , but what about NBC , CBS ABC ? What about the failing [HANDLE] [HANDLE] ? They are all Fake News ! 
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes . [HANDLE] , one of the best in our Country , has been so informed . She is working closely with FEMA ( and me !). 
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House . Melania is feeling and doing really well . Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes ! 
FBI DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago . It is an embarrassment to our Nation ! 
 [HANDLE] : Whats [HANDLE] ' s strategy to secure the GOP nomination ? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner . [HANDLE] . 
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement . Finish the job - vote today for " Big Luther . 
Everybody that loves the people of New York , and all they have been thru , should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics ! 
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country , Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security . Dems do nothing . If there is no Wall , there is no Security . Human Trafficking , Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT ! 
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now , as an example , able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them . Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats ! 
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor . Doing everything we can to help great people of PR ! 
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall . A big step in the right direction . Wall is under construction ! 
To the Great people of Alaska . You have been hit hard by a big one . Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you . Your Federal Government will spare no expense . God Bless you ALL ! 
General Keith Kellogg , who I have known for a long time , is very much in play for NSA - as are three others . 
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility , writes [HANDLE] [URL] via [HANDLE] 
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans . We will unite and we will win , win , win ! 
Thank you Ohio ! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States ! Watch : [URL] 
Got 1 . 6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border , rest will be forthcoming . Most importantly , got 700 Billion to rebuild our Military , 716 Billion next year ... most ever . Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment . 
Today , we witnessed an incredible moment in history the presentation of Congress highest civilian honor to our friend , and true AMERICAN HERO , Bob Dole . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI the person in charge of the Hillary investigation , Andrew McCabe , got 700 , 000 from H for wife ! 
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching . We are not looking good , we are not looking smart , we are not looking tough ! 
On [HASHTAG] thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
For the first time since Roe v . Wade , America has a Pro-Life President , a Pro-Life Vice President , a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals ! [URL] 
Not seen in many years , Americas steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administrations policies to help bring back the U . S . steel industry , which is critical to our National Security . I will always protect America and its workers ! 
Great new book by Dr . Robert Jeffress , Choosing the Extraordinary Life . Get it and enjoy ! [HANDLE] 
On behalf of an entire nation , Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U . S . Senate , and epic victory : 53 to 47 . The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House , were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents . 
I agree with the President , the Supreme Court got it wrong . There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census . A . G . Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question . Steve Doocy [HANDLE] Working hard on something that should be so easy . People are fed up ! 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate . I am calling on- cont ' d : [URL] 
As I predicted , 16 states , led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left , have filed a lawsuit in , of course , the 9th Circuit ! California , the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train , with no hope of completion , seems in charge ! 
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders , not Crooked H , without cheating , I was right . 
Take a look at what happened w Bill Clinton . The system is totally rigged . Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence ? 
Our great country has been divided for decades . Sometimes you need protest in order to heel , we will heel , be stronger than ever before ! 
In just out book , Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn ' t believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president ! 
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed , and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path ( up along the East Coast ). The Fake News knows this very well . Thats why theyre the Fake News ! 
RUSH LIMBAUGH If the FBI was so concerned , and if they werent targeting Trump , they should have told Trump . If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign ( hoax ), then why not try to stop it ? Why not tell Trump ? Because they were pushing this scam . 
The DJT Foundation , unlike most foundations , never paid fees , rent , salaries or any expenses . 100 of money goes to wonderful charities ! 
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida ? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to find enough votes , too much spotlight on them now ! 
Join me tomorrow ! [HASHTAG] 10am- Baton Rouge , LA . Tickets : [URL] 7pm- Grand Rapids , MI . Tickets : [URL] 
Getting ready to go on stage at the [HASHTAG] in New Orleans - packed house ! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB , Drew Brees . People here are very excited by the team . Going on stage now ! [URL] 
Today in Florida , I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont : [URL] 
The failing [HANDLE] story is so totally wrong on transition . It is going so smoothly . Also , I have spoken to many foreign leaders . 
The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred . The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup , rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else . [HANDLE] The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country . [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : Here ' s Trump [HASHTAG] in case anyone missed it . It is a must watch . [URL] 
CNN , which is totally biased in favor of Clinton , should apologize . They knew they were wrong . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today . I will be there with [HANDLE] your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents , she had one ! 
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan . We will stop them . Catch and Detain ! Judicial Activism , by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens , is putting our country in great danger . Not good ! 
Voter fraud ! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate , and nobody says a word . Can you imagine if I got the questions ? 
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia . Stacey Abrams will destroy the State . Sooooo important , get out and VOTE for Brian ! 
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks , plus CNN and not including Fox , is the most dishonest , corrupt andor distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President ( me ). They are all bad . Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY ! 
I am promising you a new legacy for America . We ' re going to create a new American future . Thank you OHIO ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
CNN is working frantically to find their source . Look hard because it doesnt exist . Whatever was left of CNNs credibility is now gone ! 
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks . So dishonest ! Rigged system ! 
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973 . Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations ! 
With so much talk about the Wall , people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol , ICE and our great Military . Remember the Caravans ? Well , they didnt get through and none are forming or on their way . Border is tight . Fake News silent ! 
China just agreed that the U . S . will be allowed to sell beef , and other major products , into China once again . This is REAL news ! 
REMEMBER FLORIDA : I have been President of the United States for almost two years . During that time Senator Bill Nelson didnt call me once . Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida . Did a GREAT job on hurricanes . VOTE SCOTT ! 
V . P . Mike Pence will be interviewed on [HANDLE] at 7 : 30 A . M . Enjoy ! 
 . [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] did a 1 hour hit job on me today totally biased and mostly false . Dishonest media ! 
As expected , the media is very much against me . Their dishonesty is amazing but , just like our big wins in the primaries , we will win ! 
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies , and got caught
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U . S . foolishness and stupidity and now , the Rigged Witch Hunt ! 
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico Canada are very strong . Congress must change these Obama era , and other , laws NOW ! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked .... CRIME ! We will be taking strong action today . 
 . [HANDLE] will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA . MS-13 and crime will be gone . Vote today , ASAP ! 
As I have always said , let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan . Stay tuned ! 
If President Obama made the deals that I have made , both at the Border and for the Economy , the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible , a National Holiday would be immediately declared . With me , despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done , no credit ! 
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances , and to form new partnerships . See more at : [URL] 
Everybody , including me , thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction ( of a crime caused by others ), that was the end . But no , the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020 . Bad for the Country ! 
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned . Important meetings scheduled throughout . Our great Country is extremely well represented . Will be very productive ! 
Wow ! Just got word that our June 18th , Tuesday , ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando , Florida , already has 74 , 000 requests for a 20 , 000 seat Arena . With all of the big events that we have done , this tickets looks to be the hottest of them all . See you in Florida ! 
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big , Cruz , Rubio and Bush down . The debate results , even with a stacked RNC audience , were wonderful ! 
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton . 
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty . They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace . We stand with our police ( HEROES ) 100 ! [URL] 
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland . Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth ! 
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State . He has my complete total Endorsement ! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15 , 000 Jobs-and so much more . Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary ! 
ABCWashington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election . When my lawyers protested , they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day . It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets . Sad ! 
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U . S .! 
The record is quite remarkable . The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016 . People should focus on the results , and theyre extraordinary ! James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy . Many countries are having difficulties on that score . We have the best economy anywhere in the world , with GREAT UNLIMITED potential looking into the future ! 
Private business investment has surged from 1 . 8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9 . 4 percent this year -- that means JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! [URL] 
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media ( 110 million people ). Only way for me to get the truth out ! 
Just fired Agent Strzok , formerly of the FBI , was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation . It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone ! 
Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier . [HANDLE] Details on Tuesday night . 
 [HANDLE] : Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys . TW [HASHTAG] " Great to have you back Tiger - Special ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] for a very fair and professional interview this morning . No wonder you are [HASHTAG] in the ratings ! 
The [HANDLE] is partnering with [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] to bring the [HANDLE] ' s Prescribed to Death Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow , April 12th to April 18th . More information : [URL] [URL] 
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is 18 , 959 , 495 , 168 . Cost Friday was 603 , 331 , 392 . There are at least 25 , 772 , 342 illegal aliens , not the 11 , 000 , 000 that have been reported for years , in our Country . So ridiculous ! DHS
I watched Sen . Graham [HANDLE] . Why don ' t they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy , and in the end he had no support ? 
If it werent for the never ending Fake News about me , and with all that I have done ( more than any other President in the first 2 12 years !), I would be leading the Partners of the LameStream Media by 20 points . Sorry , but true ! 
 [HANDLE] : Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal . You took fire from all sides , stayed composed , returned fire and WON ! 
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night . He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November . Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement ! 
Thank you West Virginia ! All across the country , Americans of every kind are coming together wone simple goal : to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] I followed you because you are a patriot support [HANDLE] , as do I . [HASHTAG] by sticking together . 
According to the Center for Immigration Studies , the 18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime , drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole ... [URL] 
Crazy [HANDLE] says I don ' t ( won ' t ) go on her show and she still gets good ratings . But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me ! 
Chuck Jones , who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 , has done a terrible job representing workers . No wonder companies flee country ! 
For the great people of Iowa , find your [HASHTAG] location at [URL] - so important to vote ! [HASHTAG] 
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga , Tennessee . They will be making Electric Cars . Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done . A big win ! 
I will make our Military so big , powerful strong that no one will mess with us . [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Looks like Bob Muellers team of 13 Trump Haters Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt dishonest Mainstream Media , they are a Joke ! 
Great to see [HANDLE] looking well and back on the Senate floor . He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM ! 
It is a " miracle " how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing ! 
I will be live tweeting my interview with [HANDLE] on the Fox Network tonight at 8 ! Enjoy ! [URL] 
Thank you to FEMA , our great Military all First Responders who are working so hard , against terrible odds , in Puerto Rico . See you Tuesday ! 
Anybody whose mind " SHORT CIRCUITS " is not fit to be our president ! Look up the word " BRAINWASHED . 
The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs . Peter Schweizer Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China . He knew nothing about Energy , or anything else . 
After spending 89 million , [HANDLE] is at the bottom of the barrel in polls . He is ashamed to use the name " Bush " in ads . Low energy guy ! 
What a great evening we had . So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary . The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him ! 
It is shameful that House Democrats wont take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference . Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and its inconceivable they will not act to condemn it ! 
Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report . [HANDLE] Oh well , so much for CNN saying it wasnt Lanny . No wonder their ratings are so low , its FAKE NEWS ! 
Will be on [HANDLE] tonight at 8 : 30pm [HANDLE] - prior to Melania ' s speech at the [HASHTAG] . Tune in- she will do great ! [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : AMERICA ... Stop being duped ... WAKE UP Cruz Rubio establishment phonies . DonaldTrump only truthful not owned candidate
Taken for Granted , a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed . Full Endorsement ! 
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew , because of sources and methods ( and more ), would have to be heavily redacted , whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency . Told them to re-do and send back in proper form ! 
Hillary , whose decisions have led to the deaths of many , accepted from a business linked to ISIS . Silence at CNN . [URL] 
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together , finally , with a major Border Security package , which will include funding for the Wall . After 40 years of talk , it is finally time for action . Fix the Border , for once and for all , NOW ! 
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action ( and I have proof ). Sad ! 
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable , if he even gets to run ( born in Canada ). Will loose big to Hillary . Polls show I beat Hillary easily ! WIN ! 
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent ! Thanks for all of the support you showed me . You have my complete and total Endorsement . You will win in November ! 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false , more dirty tricks . He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy ? 
 [HANDLE] : [URL] WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character ! Watch this video ! Hillary and Bernie don ' t come close
Rep . Occasio-Cortez is correct , the VA is not broken , it is doing great . But that is only because of the Trump Administration . We got Veterans Choice Accountability passed . President Trump deserves a lot of credit . Dan Caldwell , Concerned Veterans of America
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning [HANDLE] 
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said , last week live from the Oval Office , that the Republicans didnt have the votes for Border Security . Today the House Republicans voted and won , 217-185 . Nancy does not have to apologize . All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY ! 
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount . Just a Stein scam to raise money ! 
It is not " freedom of the press " when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false ! 
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric . Watch for real results Tuesday . We are lucky CNNs ratings are so low . Dont fall for the Suppression Game . Go out VOTE . Remember , we now have perhaps the greatest Economy ( JOBS ) in the history of our Country ! 
Since my election , many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country , and the Stock Market is up over 50 . If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist , Paul Krugman , youd be doing VERY poorly - youd be angry and hurt . He never got it ! 
Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister [HANDLE] of India at the [HASHTAG] in Biarritz , France ! [URL] 
Am in Bedminster for meetings press conference on V . A . all that we have done , and are doing , to make it better-but Charlottesville sad ! 
I thought people werent celebrating ? They were cheering all over , even this savage from Orlando . I was right . [URL] 
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati , in the GREAT STATE of OHIO , to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare also Infrastructure ! 
Thank you Sanford , Florida . Get out VOTE [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] - watch this afternoons rally here : [URL] 
The organized group of people , many of them thugs , who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago , have totally energized America ! 
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations . Hard working and very smart . Keep Erik in Congress . He has my Strong Endorsement ! 
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina . ISIS , China , Russia and all would love for her to be president . 4 more years ! 
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit . Nevertheless , they are working hard to make America a safer place , though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins ! 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Obama ' s disastrous judgment gave us ISIS , rise of Iran , and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression ! 
Great news . [HANDLE] just renewed her deal with Fox . I dont care how much they paid her , they got a beautiful bargain . Congratulations to both ! 
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly , despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits . What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people ( illegals ) and things ( Drugs ) that we do not want . Make America Great Again ! 
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire , boarding now . Amazing activity planned . New UMASS poll , very nice ! [URL] 
This memo totally vindicates Trump in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ). This is an American disgrace ! 
The 13 Angry Democrats ( plus people who worked 8 years for Obama ) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt , will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections , especially now that Republicans ( stay tough !) are taking the lead in Polls . There was no Collusion , except by the Democrats ! 
I am watching [HANDLE] and how fairly they are treating me and my words , and [HANDLE] , and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
How does Da Nang Dick ( Blumenthal ) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam , only to later admit , with tears pouring down his face , that he was never in Vietnam . An embarrassment to our Country ! 
Dont forget , we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now . Moving quickly , and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible . Building , after all , is what I do best , even when money is not readily available ! 
95 of Americans will pay less or , at worst , the same amount of taxes ( mostly far less ). The Dems only want to raise your taxes ! 
 [HANDLE] : Get out [HASHTAG] if you don ' t [HASHTAG] NOTHING will change it ' s that simple ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign , by the people and party in absolute power , for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain ? And to think that the party in question , even with the expenditure of far more money , LOST ! 
Senator ( Doctor ) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health ( care ), he doesn ' t lie-just wants to help people ! 
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget , jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for . Dont forget , Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats , and with the economy doing record numbers , we will continue to win , even bigger than before ! 
The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign , or anyone associated with it , conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts , despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign . 
 . [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma . Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe . We are with you ! 
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow . THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China ! [HANDLE] Melania and I will never forget it ! [URL] 
After 7 months of investigations committee hearings about my " collusion with the Russians ," nobody has been able to show any proof . Sad ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Megan can not contain her bias , it ' s in every show , Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT
Poll : Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves because of the Wall and Border Security . 70 support Border Security and the Wall . Not believing the Walls are immoral line . Beverly Hallberg , Independent Womens Forum [HANDLE] A great USA issue ! 
Our Economy is doing better than ever . Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before , companies earnings are higher than ever , inflation is low business optimism is higher than it has ever been . For the first time in many decades , we are protecting our workers ! 
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency . Hopefully , we will not be getting any more BAD ( outrageous ) court decisions ! 
Curt Schilling , a great pitcher and patriot , is considering a run for Congress in Arizona . Terrific ! [HANDLE] 
When a country Taxes our products coming in at , say , 50 , and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO , not fair or smart . We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us . 800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice ! 
The Fake News doesnt report it , but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time high . Look what is going on in Orlando , Florida , right now ! People have never seen anything like it ( unless you play a guitar ). Going to be wild - See you later ! 
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran . They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country . Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination . Dems put us in a bad place - but now good ! 
Rumor has it that [HANDLE] is going out of business . Losing too much money . Great news ! Likewise , dopey Mort Zuckerman ' s [HANDLE] 
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida . Against all odds , he fought fought fought , the result being a historic victory . He never gave up and never will . He will be a great Governor ! 
The Iran Deal is defective at its core . If we do nothing , we know what will happen . In just a short time , the worlds leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the worlds most dangerous weapons .... [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] As of April this year , Hillary had spent 264 , 000 , 000 on her campaign Mr . Trump 55 , 000 , 000 . self funding
There was no Collusion ( it is a Hoax ) and there is no Obstruction of Justice ( that is a setup trap ). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War , Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits , Negotiations on NAFTA , and much more . Witch Hunt ! 
Will be in Cleveland , Ohio w [HANDLE] tonight- join us : [URL] Naples , Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm : [URL] 
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong . Everyone should be calm and safe ! 
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border . They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead . [HASHTAG] in order to power through mess ! 
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW ! Polling locations : [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink , Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks . [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump . But I had 17 people to beatshe had one ! 
Congratulations to Thomas Perez , who has just been named Chairman of the DNC . I could not be happier for him , or for the Republican Party ! 
Crooked Hillary ' s brainpower is highly overrated . Probably why her decision making is so bad or , as stated by Bernie S , she has BAD JUDGEMENT
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today , involving [HASHTAG] , a U . S . Navy amphibious assault ship . The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone .... [URL] 
The failed Fast Train project in California , where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting , is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall ! 
I think having Jeb ' s endorsement hurts Lyin ' Ted . Jeb spent more than 150 , 000 , 000 and got nothing . I spent a fraction of that and am first ! 
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers . Towns , cities and states throughout the U . S . are being hurt - many jobs being lost ! 
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U . S . Coast Guard , FEMA etc . A real disaster , much work to do ! 
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person , A . G . Patrick Morrisey , who is running for the U . S . Senate . Patrick has great Energy Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA . Total Endorsement ! 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event . FAKE NEWS ! 
Check out tweets from last two days . I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word Media . The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News . They get it , and fully understand ! 
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H , the DNC and the Dems . Remember the Dirty Dossier , Uranium , Speeches , Emails and the Podesta Company ! 
The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey ( a dirty cop ) leaked his memos to a friend , who leaked them to the press , on purpose . [HANDLE] Totally illegal ! 
Will be on [HASHTAG] @ 10pE [HANDLE] - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected , we will [HASHTAG] enforce our laws ! 
After some very important meetings , including my meeting with President Xi of China , I will be leaving Japan for South Korea ( with President Moon ). While there , if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this , I would meet him at the BorderDMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello (?)! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning ! One excuse after another . Then it ' s this , then it ' s that . 
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal [HANDLE] about what a complete disaster the [HANDLE] has been under its leader from previous Administration , who just quit ! 
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone bust on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes , they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others , call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt , while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden . Will fail again ! 
The Democrats are getting very strange . They now want to change the voting age to 16 , abolish the Electoral College , and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices . Actually , youve got to win it at the Ballot Box ! 
I don ' t believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign , the only one . I will keep doing , but not worth it ! 
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence . This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration ! [URL] 
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend . The numbers were anemic , no spirit , no hope . More importantly , No Collusion , No Obstruction ! 
The Inspector General ' s report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster . Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W . H . 
I have agreed with the historically cooperative , disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller ( Unlike the Clintons !). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb , my Special Counsel , and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process . 
House Democrats want to negotiate a 2 TRILLION spending increase but cant even pass their own plan . We cant afford it anyway , and its not happening ! 
It was great to have Governor [HANDLE] of [HASHTAG] us at the [HANDLE] today . We are with you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
There is no Collusion . All of these investigations are in search of a crime . Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump . Ridiculous ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
The U . S . Coast Guard , FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready . Here comes Irma . God bless everyone ! 
 [HANDLE] : Great interview ! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you . Never change , never forget you are our messenger ! 
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks . No wonder he has lost Evangelical support ! 
Chairman Kim realizes , perhaps better than anyone else , that without nuclear weapons , his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World . Because of its location and people ( and him ), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation ! 
The Great Revolt by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory . The Forgotten Men Women are forgotten no longer ! 
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found , Chuck Schumer just stated that " Democrats should blame ourselves , not Russia . 
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan . While there , it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting . Good things can happen for all ! 
 . [HANDLE] Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt . With all of the bias , lying and hate by the investigators , people want the investigators investigated . Much more will come out . A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election ! 
Love seeing union non-union members alike are defecting to Trump . I will create jobs like no one else . Their [HASHTAG] leaders cant compete ! 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate . News conference tomorrow at 11 : 00 A . M . 
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC , and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record ! 
For all of the geniuses out there , many who have been in other administrations and taken to the cleaners by China , that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember , the EU all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also . Will change ! 
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN . Our values will PREVAIL . Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH ! [URL] 
The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675 , 000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails . They purposely didnt look at the disasters . This news is just out . [HANDLE] 
President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency . There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976 , and 31 right now that are currently active , so this is hardly unprecedented . Congressman [HANDLE] 
Ted Cruz does not have the right " temperment " to be President . Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm . BAD ! 
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor . Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely ! 
This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker . We have the strongest economy in the world . Stuart Varney [HANDLE] So true ! 
Meanwhile , the Dayton , Ohio , shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders , Elizabeth Warren , and ANTIFA . [HANDLE] I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News . Thank you ! 
When you are the Piggy Bank Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years , the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed ! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the fools of the past ! 
Do you believe that [HANDLE] in NH was demanding ads ? Look at enclosed letter from them , just received : [URL] 
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer , knowing that they would say I was raging , which they always do , along with their partner , the Fake News Media . Well , so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake Corrupt Press ! 
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras . Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them . Only a Wall will work . Only a Wall , or Steel Barrier , will keep our Country safe ! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown ! 
During my trip to Saudi Arabia , I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies .. [URL] 
American steel American hands have constructed a 100 , 000 ton message to the world : American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Listening to interview on replay of [HANDLE] Savage Nation [HASHTAG] DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks . 
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice , equality and opportunity . 
Dont like [HANDLE] golf swing . Not athletic . Ive won many club championships . Play him for charity ! 
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today ! Joint Press Conf [URL] 
This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence , not a whiff of collusion , between Trump and the Russians . Russian project legal . Trump Tower meeting ( son Don ), perfectly legal . He wasnt involved with hacking . Gregg Jarrett . A total Witch Hunt ! 
Paul Begala , the dopey [HANDLE] flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC , has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me . 
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin . Time for Congress to do the same here ! 
The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted ..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty . [URL] 
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year , at my request , but it isnt nearly enough . U . S . spends too much . Europes borders are BAD ! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable ! 
Trump could be the most honest president in modern history . When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness , which is promise keeping , he is probably the most honest president in American history . Hes done exactly what he said he would do . Marc Thiessen , WPost
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn ' t tell the truth . A great danger to our country . The failing [HANDLE] has become a joke . Likewise [HANDLE] . Sad ! 
Will be in Novi , Michigan this Friday at 5 : 00pm . Join the MOVEMENT ! Tickets available at : [URL] [URL] 
122 vicious prisoners , released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo , have returned to the battlefield . Just another terrible decision ! 
Today , I officially updated my budget to include 18 million for our GREAT [HANDLE] , whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD ! 
The President has a really good story to tell . We have unemployment lower than weve seen in decades . We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force . We are in a record growth period . Michael Steel [HANDLE] ( do you believe ?) 
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat . Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin ! 
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon , Ohio . Thank you ! [HASHTAG] , watch here : [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama . He cowered and lost . BADLY ! He ' s not relevant ! 
While my ( our ) poll numbers are good , with the Economy being the best ever , if it werent for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt , they would be 25 points higher ! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms . No Collusion ! 
Great numbers on the economy . All of our work , including the passage of many bills regulation killing Executive Orders , now kicking in ! 
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning . Our leadership is weak and ineffective . I called it and asked for the ban . Must be tough
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs work in order to [HASHTAG] ! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled . 
The Democrats are all talk and no action . They are doing nothing to fix DACA . Great opportunity missed . Too bad ! 
I will be interviewed by [HANDLE] today at 8 : 15 A . M . on [HANDLE] . Enjoy ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] they ' re spending millions but you ' re still going to win - go Donald Trump
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me , in a barrage of assaults , using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources . Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them , like the book , are fiction . Dems cant stand losing . Ill write the real book ! 
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic , Giuseppi Conte . Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7 . Loves his Country greatly works well with the USA . A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister ! 
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition , wanting to interview the same people , and see the same things , as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems . Never happened to a president before . Never even happened to President Obama ! 
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria , instead of the United States . See ? Isnt it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country , the U . S ., that is 5000 miles away . Thanks to Saudi A ! 
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it . I only use Government Phones , and have only one seldom used government cell phone . Story is soooo wrong ! 
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today , and best regards to all of those injured , in Charlottesville , Virginia . So sad ! 
Prime Minister [HANDLE] of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan . These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning ! [URL] 
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast . They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws . These guys are acting much worse , and have much more potential for damage to consumers , than anything ATT-Time Warner would do . Charlie Gasparino
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar like crazy , giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage ... and the Fed does NOTHING ! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history . Sounds good , doesnt it ? Except to those ( manufacturers ) that make product for sale outside the U . S . 
Thoughts and prayers with the victims , and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St . Joseph , Michigan . 
Moderator : Hillary paid 225 , 000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders . Thats a quote ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Democrats are the problem . They dont care about crime and want illegal immigrants , no matter how bad they may be , to pour into and infest our Country , like MS-13 . They cant win on their terrible policies , so they view them as potential voters ! 
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results . Voting machines not touched ! 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w [HANDLE] . How can he preach Christian values ? [URL] 
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans . 
As a sign of good faith , Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border . They can do it if they want ! 
The military and first responders , despite no electric , roads , phones etc ., have done an amazing job . Puerto Rico was totally destroyed . 
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina , South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad ! Please take all necessary precautions . We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly , and we are here for you ! [URL] 
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester , New Hampshire ! 5K ! Join us tomorrow : [URL] 
Staff Sgt . David Bellavia - today , we honor your extraordinary courage , we salute your selfless service , and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world ! [URL] 
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff . There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W . H . Don ' t believe the Fake News
Comey throws AG Lynch under the bus ! Why cant we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch ? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat , or AG , in order to lay off Hillary . No golf and grandkids talk ( give us all a break )! 
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border . We will build a WALL and have security . 
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina . He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory . I will see you all in S . C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday ! 
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola , Florida , for a Make America Great Again speech . We have done so much in so short a period of time ... and yet are planning to do so much more ! See you there ! 
Making a big speech in Alabama today . So many people we had to move to a football stadium ! Come and join us ! 
Jeb Bush spent more than 40 , 000 , 000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5 , I spent 3 , 000 , 000 to come in 1st . Big difference in capability ! 
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn ' t win South Carolina , it ' s over . He didn ' t win- and lost to me in a landslide ! 
I am not trying to get " top level security clearance " for my children . This was a typically false news story . 
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un . It will take place in Hanoi , Vietnam , on February 27 28 . I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim advancing the cause of peace ! 
I know President Xi of China very well . He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people . He is also a good man in a tough business . I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem , he can do it . Personal meeting ? 
Wow , [HANDLE] did great in the ratings . CNN is dead as a door nail ( no credibility ), and MSNBC is dying fast . [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] are doing great ! [URL] 
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque , New Mexico this evening - thank you . Get out VOTE ! [HASHTAG] Watch rally : [URL] 
Funny how the Fake News Media doesnt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 , long before my run for President . Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didnt know ! 
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do , there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail ! 
 . [HANDLE] called a San Diego news station ( [HANDLE] ) for negative reports on the Wall . When the station said that Walls work , CNN no longer had interest . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Paul Ryan , a man who doesn ' t know how to win ( including failed run four years ago ), must start focusing on the budget , military , vets etc . 
Our very weak and ineffective leader , Paul Ryan , had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty . 
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country and the hottest jobs market on planet earth . The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare . The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM ! [URL] [URL] 
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam , which horribly oppresses women ? 
Just arrived in Scotland . Place is going wild over the vote . They took their country back , just like we will take America back . No games ! 
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe . I only hope you have the intelligence , long in doubt , to wage a successful primary campaign . It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick demented ideas . But if you make it , I will see you at the Starting Gate ! 
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland , Ohio ! Get out VOTE [HASHTAG] on 118 . Watch rally here : [URL] 
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report . There was insufficient evidence and therefore , in our Country , a person is innocent . The case is closed ! Thank you . 
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U . S . I can use all the help I can get ! 
Two policemen just shot in San Diego , one dead . It is only getting worse . People want LAW AND ORDER ! 
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office . It will only go further down under Clinton . 
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids , Iowa at 7pm : [URL] Phoenix , Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm : [URL] 
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of and if we show any weakness , millions of people will journey into our country . 
 [HANDLE] : HELLO BOYS ! this is my formal endorsement of [HANDLE] I ' m a woman ! ( last I checked ) And Rudy , U R amazing ! 
The idea of a European Military didnt work out too well in W . W . I or 2 . But the U . S . was there for you , and always will be . All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO . Germany is paying 1 while the U . S . pays 4 . 3 of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe . Fairness ! 
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time . Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race . He will help to [HASHTAG] ! 
So many people are asking why isn ' t the A . G . or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes . 33 , 000 e-mails deleted ? 
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time . March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA . Make a deal ! 
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values , then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
After a great rally in Panama City Beach , Florida - I am returning to Washington , D . C . with [HANDLE] and Senator [HANDLE] , discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro . America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes ! [URL] 
I urge all Americans to participate in [HASHTAG] tomorrow ! Lets come together and BEAT last Octobers record of disposed prescription pills ! Visit [URL] to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day . [URL] 
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years . I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not . 
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ABC does not tolerate comments like those made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , he never called President Donald J . Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just didnt get the call ? 
Just arrived in Green Bay , Wisconsin for a [HASHTAG] Rally . Big crowds - join me at 8 : 00 P . M . Eastern , live on [HANDLE] ! 
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program . Being politically correct is fine , but not for this ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime , supports open borders , and wants massive tax hikes . A formula for disaster ! 
With all that this Administration has accomplished , think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media , which we do not ! 
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific , and together , to promote our prosperity and security . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Will soon be heading to Davos , Switzerland , to tell the world how great America is and is doing . Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing , will only get better ... Our country is finally WINNING again ! 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip . Will be strongly protecting American interests - that ' s what I like to do ! 
Yesterday , it was my great honor to welcome President [HANDLE] of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media . It is totally out of control , but we are winning ! 
So great to have Staff Sgt . Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday . These are truly brave and special people ! [HANDLE] 
I donate 100 of my Presidents salary , 400 , 000 , back to our Country , and feel very good about it ! [URL] 
Mitch , get back to work and put Repeal Replace , Tax Reform Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing . You can do it ! 
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didnt use many banks because the banks didnt like me . No , I didnt use many banks because I didnt ( dont ) need their money ( old fashioned , isnt it ?). If I did , it would have been very easy for me to get . 
If [HANDLE] did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor , the State will be a crime ridden , overtaxed mess . [HANDLE] will be a great Governor . VOTE !!!!!! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women . Can ' t believe she would misrepresent the facts ! My hit was on China
As it has turned out , James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton . He was the best thing that ever happened to her ! 
I completely read the entire Mueller Report , and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2 ? There is no there there . NO THERE THERE ! We completely wasted everybodys time and taxpayers money . [HANDLE] 
I will be in South Carolina all week . Saturday is BIG , BIG , BIG ! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton . Like I said , the system is totally rigged ! 
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J . Trump . Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong . Illegals out ! 
Unless you catch " hackers " in the act , it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking . Why wasn ' t this brought up before election ? 
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China . We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan . Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting . 
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe under the bus . Inspector Generals Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them ! Getting a little ( lot ) of their own medicine ? 
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed . That patience is over . We are working closely [URL] 
Wow ! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages . Privacy violations ? They blame technical irregularities . Such a disgrace . The Witch Hunt continues ! 
58 , 000 non-citizens voted in Texas , with 95 , 000 non-citizens registered to vote . These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg . All over the country , especially in California , voter fraud is rampant . Must be stopped . Strong voter ID ! [HANDLE] 
I want to express my gratitude to Americas magnificent [HANDLE] for tonights exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship betweenBoth of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage , unfailing commitment , and unyielding character ! [URL] 
Very good numbers on the economy . Much potential for growth . Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation . We have been treated very unfairly ( to put it mildly ) by other countries for many years , but that is changing ! 
The G7 in France was so successful , and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News , and watched numerous networks , it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event ! 
Democrats are obstructing good ( hopefully great ) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government , hence , the American People . They are slow walking all of my nominations - hundreds of people . At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals ! 
Why isnt disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the 700 , 000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia , led by Clinton best friend Terry M ( under FBI investigation that they killed ) gave to McCabes wife in her run for office ? Then dropped case on Clinton ! 
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean . Can be used for fires , farming and everything else . Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice ! Fast Federal govt . approvals . 
General Anthony Tata , author , Dark Winter . I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria . All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS . 
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime , high tax , problems - along with so many others . On June 5th ., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX , a really good and highly competent man . Hell Make California Great Again ! 
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job , live a crime-free life , and succeed beyond their dreams .... [URL] 
Rather than causing a big disruption in N . Y . C ., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster , N . J . this weekend . Also saves country money ! 
We salute our great American flag , we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance , and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
By the way , when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility , I suggested driving . Secret Service said NO , too far from airport big Paris shutdown . Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain ! Little reported-Fake News ! 
Wow , Kasich didn ' t qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania , not enough signatures . Big problem ! 
I love reading about all of the " geniuses " who were so instrumental in my election success . Problem is , most don ' t exist . [HASHTAG] News ! MAGA
We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism .... which is the widest fishing net expedition .... every aspect of the presidents life .... all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism . [HANDLE] 
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban , which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror . 
Thank you Wilmington , North Carolina . We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you ' ve been waiting for your entire life ! [URL] 
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds ( [HANDLE] ) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods . We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa ! [URL] 
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn ' t voluntarily leaving the Apprentice , he was fired by his bad ( pathetic ) ratings , not by me . Sad end to great show
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer , Virginia . The future of our country is strong ! 
The Russia Hoax , The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton Frame Donald Trump is a Hot Seller , already Number One ! More importantly , it is a great book that everyone is talking about . It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly . Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett ! 
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon . His lawyers totally contradicted him . He lied ! Additionally , he directly asked me for a pardon . I said NO . He lied again ! He also badly wanted to work at the White House . He lied ! 
Harley-Davidson should stay 100 in America , with the people that got you your success . Ive done so much for you , and then this . Other companies are coming back where they belong ! We wont forget , and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors ! 
Former President Vicente Fox , who is railing against my visit to Mexico today , also invited me when he apologized for using the " f bomb . 
The Failing [HANDLE] , the pipe organ for the Democrat Party , has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill . They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner ! 
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by 12 billion vs a 200 billion increase in Obama first mo . 
Today , we remember those who fell , and we honor all who fought , here in Normandy . They won back this ground for civilization . To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today : You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Governor [HANDLE] and I will be in Cleveland , Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us ! [HASHTAG] Tickets : [URL] 
WERE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT . Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U . S ., Andrew Cuomo , having a total meltdown ! 
 . [HANDLE] got thrown off of TV by NBC , fired like a dog ! Now he is on [HANDLE] being nasty to me . Not nice ! 
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill . Shaping up even better than projected . House and Senate working very hard and smart . End result will be not only important , but SPECIAL ! 
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year . Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country . MS-13 thugs being hit hard . 
By the way , when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility , I suggested driving . Secret Service said NO , too far from airport big Paris shutdown . Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain ! Little reported-Fake News ! 
I only wish my wonderful father , Fred , gave me 200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says . He didn ' t - total fabrication ! 
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now , they should immediately REPEAL , and then REPLACE at a later date ! 
Crime is out of control , and rapidly getting worse . Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities . Not good ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say .. it was very well done on both their parts
John Solomon : Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] also can ' t help but notice the stock market ' s reaction as [HANDLE] was speaking . [HASHTAG] 
The GDP Rate ( 4 . 2 ) is higher than the Unemployment Rate ( 3 . 9 ) for the first time in over 100 years ! 
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night . She ' s being decimated by the media ! 
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida . Just spoke to Governor Scott . Thoughts and prayers for all . Stay safe ! 
Great job by FEMA , Law Enforcement , First Responders , U . S . Coast Guard , and ALL ! Keep going , we all appreciate what you are doing ! 
I want to know , where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill , and where will it come from after the Midterms ? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security . REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH ! 
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me I cant tell the truth about her husband ? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary ! 
 . [HANDLE] has a Primary on August 21st . He doesnt need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way , but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway . John is absolutely top of the line has my Complete Total Endorsement ! 
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race . He said Kasich should get out for same reason . I think both should get out ! 
When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH , we had a big system of Tariffs . Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth , treasure , and jobs - But no more ! The USA is doing great , with unlimited upside into the future ! 
Wonderful weekend at Camp David . A very special place . A lot of very important work done . Heading back to the [HANDLE] now . [URL] 
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know its TRUE . I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People . They purposely cause great division distrust . They can also cause War ! They are very dangerous sick ! 
Like the worthless [HANDLE] , looks like [HANDLE] will be going out of business . Bad reporting- no money , no cred ! 
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans , brave police in Kabul today . Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims , and first responders . We will not allow the Taliban to win ! 
Great day of bilateral meetings at [HASHTAG] on trade , which we are turning around to be great deals for our country ! [URL] 
Katie Couric , the third rate reporter , who has been largely forgotten , should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc . 
Just watched [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] . Said President is doing a great job . All over the world , people want to come back to the U . S . Thank you Greg , and youre looking and doing great ! 
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party , they have no future ! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself . 
We ' re going to use American steel , we ' re going to use American labor , we are going to come first in all deals . [URL] 
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new pushed Congressional Map , all the way to the Supreme Court , if necessary . Your Original was correct ! Dont let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes waste money ! 
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty . Today , and every day , we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nations uniforms ! [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] ... Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is ." GREAT IDEA ! 
Proud of [HANDLE] for her leadership on these important issues . Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20 ! [URL] 
Congratulations to my friend [HANDLE] , our powerful Appropriations Chairman , for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military , invest in border security , and many other priorities . Good work and keep fighting , you are winning ! 
Surprised that Harley-Davidson , of all companies , would be the first to wave the White Flag . I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E . U ., which has hurt us badly on trade , down 151 Billion . Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient ! [HASHTAG] 
Everybody should boycott the [HANDLE] show . Never worth watching . Always a hit on Trump ! She is sick , the most overrated person on tv . 
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night . Important meetings taking place today . Big tax cuts reform . 
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be . They have captivated the attention of the world , and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together . It started off unpleasant , but can end in a dream ! 
Thank you Wisconsin ! My Administration will be focused on three very important words : jobs , jobs , jobs ! Watch : [URL] 
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest most disloyal men in Congress is quitting the Party . No Collusion , No Obstruction ! Knew he couldnt get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan . Already being challenged for his seat . A total loser ! 
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal , and e-mails yet ( can you believe ). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in , B never had a chance ! 
Incredible afternoon in El Paso , Texas . We love you , and are with you , all the way ! [URL] 
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good . We are the envy of the world . But anytime I even think about making changes , the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy , always seeking to make us look as bad as possible ! Very dishonest ! 
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction . This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime , drugs and human trafficking . We are asking for an expedited appeal ! 
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come , which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar , making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA . They have been getting away with this for years , along with China and others . 
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign , that is a really big deal . Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee ( also , Senate Judiciary ) is asking for can give the conclusive answers . Drain the Swamp ! 
Earlier today , I spoke with [HANDLE] of Kentucky regarding yesterdays shooting at Marshall County High School . My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt , Preston Cope , their families , and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery . We are with you ! 
I will be going to Green Bay , Wisconsin , for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening . Big crowd expected , much to talk about . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future . So nice to see ! [URL] 
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars . They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars . We want that money back now . Whole project is a green disaster ! 
Highest Stock Market EVER , best economic numbers in years , unemployment lowest in 17 years , wages raising , border secure , S . C .: No WH chaos ! 
We are making tremendous progress with the V . A . There has never been so much done so quickly , and we have just started . We love our VETS ! 
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials . Please be prepared , be careful and be SAFE ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
It was my great honor to host my friend [HANDLE] [HANDLE] and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days . Lots accomplished , thank you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Oil prices getting too high . OPEC , please relax and take it easy . World cannot take a price hike - fragile ! 
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job . He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida . Strong on Crime , Borders and wants Low Taxes . He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement ! 
 ( Crooked ) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 , rules out a third bid for White House . Aw-shucks , does that mean I wont get to run against her again ? She will be sorely missed ! 
Don ' t give up Republican Senators , the World is watching : Repeal Replace ... and go to 51 votes ( nuke option ), get Cross State Lines more . 
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE , one of the smartest , toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen . I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 clean out the toughest of situations . They are great ! 
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House . Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food ( I paid ), over 1000 hamberders etc . Within one hour , it was all gone . Great guys and big eaters ! 
I agree , [HANDLE] - To all Americans , I see you I hear you . I am your voice . Vote to [HASHTAG] w me on 118 . [URL] 
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught . There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years ! 
Looks to me like its going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie . Everyone else is fading fast ! 
 [HANDLE] : I ' ll be a guest today on Making Money with [HANDLE] on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET 3 PM PT Discussing [HANDLE] . Tune in ! 
I am seriously considering Dr . Ben Carson as the head of HUD . I ' ve gotten to know him well -- he ' s a greatly talented person who loves people ! 
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels . Stock Market at an all-time high . That doesn ' t just happen ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] debate Cruz one on one . I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA , not Canada
Crooked Hillary Clinton , who called BREXIT 100 wrong ( along with Obama ), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call . 
So funny to watch the Fake News , especially NBC and CNN . They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea . 500 days ago they would have begged for this deal-looked like war would break out . Our Countrys biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools ! 
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act . 
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates otherwise . He should show them , and run as an Independent ! 
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries . Will she give the back ? Probably not . Don ' t forget her slog [URL] 
I want to thank my [HANDLE] for working tirelessly on behalf of our country . 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead . Together , we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] [URL] 
Heading to Dubuque , Iowa and then Granite City , Illinois . Looking forward to being with many great friends ! 
The E . U . and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems , making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product . In the meantime , and with very low inflation , our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison . Too bad ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Trump for President ! Bernie is a joke , knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday ' s and today ' s nightmare
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U . S . reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is . These Leaders , and many others , are getting a major case study of Fake News at its finest ! Theyve got it all wrong , from Iran , to China Tariffs , to Boris ! 
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed , while Crooked Hillary Clinton , on that now famous FBI holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording , lies many times ... and nothing happens to her ? Rigged system , or just a double standard ? 
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director , Gina Haspel , has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists . Think of that , in these very dangerous times , we have the most qualified person , a woman , who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror . Win Gina ! 
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today , TWO RALLIES ! Dont tell anyone ( big secret ), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana . Hes been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History ! 
Democrats are kidding themselves ( they dont really believe it !) if they say you can stop Crime , Drugs , Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier . Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves . A Humanitarian Crisis ! 
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs . Amazing crowd . Will be going back tomorrow , to Gettysburg ! 
Great . Just reported on [HANDLE] that many people who supported [HANDLE] are now supporting me . I knew that would happen , pundits didn ' t ! 
I dont know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate ( 1 ) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth . Joaquin is not the man that his brother is , but his brother , according to most , is not much . Keep fighting Joaquin ! 
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day . We will be doing great things together ! 
10 , 000 people in South Carolina , unbelievable evening ! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it . [URL] 
Hard to believe that the Democrats , who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable , are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
Congratulations America , we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History ... and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction . The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money ! 
Last time lightweight [HANDLE] tried to knock off [HANDLE] he made a total fool of himself . If he doesn ' t do better this time , he is out ! 
Join me in Bedford , New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3 : 00pm . Can ' t wait to see everyone ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The action ( the Strzok firing ) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comeys skinny inner circle . Chris Swecker , former FBI Assistant Director . 
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil . Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by [HANDLE] and people who helped him lead the U . S . into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal . Big violation of Logan Act ? 
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , to the [HANDLE] today ! [URL] 
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with [HANDLE] Melania right now [HANDLE] . We will see you soon . America is with you ! [URL] 
Spoke at the Congressional [HANDLE] Retreat in Philadelphia , PA . this afternoon w [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] . Th [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I agree with you on this . [HANDLE] won ' t be good . He will be great ! 
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack . God be with them ! 
Today , we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor , and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack . God Bless America ! [URL] [URL] 
Go across the world and youll see either very low interest rates , or negative rates . The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this , but I dont think hell fire Jay Powell ( even if I should !). We should always be paying less interest than others ! 
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03 . Much bigger margins than originally anticipated . Congratulations Greg ! 
 [HANDLE] : New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz ' s core supporters increased support for [HANDLE] ... Not surprising . 
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting , I understand , is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper , the Amazon Washington Post . Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better more responsible hands ! 
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question . Report would be meaningless and a waste of the Billions ( ridiculous ) that it costs to put together ! 
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors ! At my direction , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] just released a Safe Importation Action Plan . Our Governors will be very happy too ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Democrats , fix the laws . Dont RESIST . We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama , but we need strength and security at the Border ! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country . Strong Borders , No Crime ! 
The Tax CutReform Bill , including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate , brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had . Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise ... and our insider Polls are strong ! 
Question : If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration , right up to January 20th , why arent they the subject of the investigation ? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling ? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation ? Ask Jeff Sessions ! 
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California ' s illegal and unconstitutional ' Sanctuary ' policies . California ' s dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities , putting all Americans at risk . 
Lyin ' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate . Their donors special interest groups are not happy with them . Sad ! 
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one . Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward ! Very good things will happen . We are dealing from great strength , but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed . Level the field ! 
As most people are aware , according to the Polls , I won EVERY debate , including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton , despite the fact that in the first debate , they modulated the sound on me , and got caught . This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked , but you never know ? 
Thank you for having me ! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone . See you soon . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Wow ! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley , who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosis place , just LOST his primary election . In other words , hes out ! That is a big one that nobody saw happening . Perhaps he should have been nicer , and more respectful , to his President ! 
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever . Smartest people of them all are the " DEPLORABLES . 
Gregg Jarrett : Muellers prosecutors knew the Dossier was the product of bias and deception . It was a Fake , just like so much news coverage in our Country . Nothing but a Witch Hunt , from beginning to end ! 
Somethings happening America ! Get out tomorrow and [URL] so together , we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Thank you , Mr . Trump , for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to [HASHTAG] 
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic . There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium . A wonderful experience , and congrats to Army ! 
General Motors is very counter to what other auto , and other , companies are doing . Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country . Auto companies are pouring into the U . S ., including BMW , which just announced a major new plant . The U . S . A . is booming ! 
Big protests in Iran . The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism . Looks like they will not take it any longer . The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations ! 
Just arrived [HANDLE] ! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South , NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM . [URL] 
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County [HANDLE] , and their families . We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all ! [HASHTAG] 
Wacky totally unhinged Tom Steyer , who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning , never wins elections ! 
 . [HANDLE] was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked ! Romney is a total joke , and everyone knows it ! 
The Iran deal is terrible . Why didn ' t we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia . [HASHTAG] 
Chuck Schumer said the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat . Thank you Chuck , but are you sure you got that right ? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place , blew up launch sites . Hostages already back , hero remains coming home much more ! 
Looking back on history , who was treated worse , Alfonse Capone , legendary mob boss , killer and Public Enemy Number One , or Paul Manafort , political operative ReaganDole darling , now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing ? Where is the Russian Collusion ? 
Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz , and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times : [URL] 
Great to be on [HANDLE] tonight with my wonderful family . Will be rebroadcast at 12 : 00 A . M . ( EASTERN ). 
No matter your ideologies or your loyalties , this is a good day for America . No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election , according to Robert Mueller , and that is good . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President . Thats why you saw those 81 subpoenas . Its ridiculous . Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 12 years ago , you should not be allowed to ruin peoples lives like this . Lara Trump , [HANDLE] 
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka . To be abused and treated so badly by the media , and to still hold her head so high , is truly wonderful ! 
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY . How can she run for Pres . 
Brenda Snipes , in charge of voting in Broward County , Florida , was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it . Just kidding , she is a fine , very honorable and highly respected voting tactician ! 
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY . Problem is , we dont have Stars anymore - except your President ( just kidding , of course )! 
 [HANDLE] : I think the first female president of the USA will be [HANDLE] a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady ! 
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family , on the loss of Nykea Aldridge . They are in my thoughts and prayers . 
One thing I will say about Rep . Keith Ellison , in his fight to lead the DNC , is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win ! 
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me have zero access . [HASHTAG] NEWS ! 
Thank you Kansas ! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn ' t get into the hall . Really amazing ! [HASHTAG] 
House just passed the 19 . 1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill . Great , now we will get it done in the Senate ! Farmers , Puerto Rico and all will be very happy . 
Sad when you think about it , but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress ! [HANDLE] 
 [HASHTAG] - On Saturday I signed two EO ' s to help keep jobs wealth in our country . EO1 : [URL] EO2 : [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham . Our prayers are with his children , grandchildren , great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry . [URL] 
Just read in the failing [HANDLE] that I was not aware " the event had to be held in Cleveland " - a total lie . These people are sick ! 
 ( 12 ) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week . David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had . 
In a short while I will be presenting the New York [HANDLE] [HANDLE] , the greatest relief pitcher ( Closer !) of all time , with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the [HANDLE] ! 
I was viciously attacked by Mr . Khan at the Democratic Convention . Am I not allowed to respond ? Hillary voted for the Iraq war , not me ! 
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement . He is strong on Border Wall , the military , tax cuts law enforcement . 
U . S . A . Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years . If my opponent ( the Democrats ) had won the election , they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy , and jobs , would have been a disaster ! 
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime ? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats arent even looking at the atrocious , and perhaps subversive , crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats . A total disgrace ! 
Today on Earth Day , we celebrate our beautiful forests , lakes and land . We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation . 
Each year , America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived . [HANDLE] Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire . [URL] 
A must watch : Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on [HANDLE] talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U . S . political history . Enjoy ! 
President Trump ' s approval rate among likely U . S . voters hit 50 percent on Monday , which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama ' s score at the same point into his first term , according to a new poll . Via : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11 : 30 A . M . Will be discussing our success in the Midterms ! 
Alan Dershowitz , Harvard Law Professor : It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel .... All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept . Dont need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someones back . Not the way Justice should operate . So true ! 
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates . VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH ! He and his wonderful family deserve much better . 
If [HANDLE] spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump , he could have won the race ( maybe )! [URL] 
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U . K . gave to U . S . about Manchester was leaked . Gave me full details ! 
Mark Levin When they had power they didnt stop the Russians , the Chinese , the North Koreans , they funded the Iranians are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency . 
Watching biased Charles [HANDLE] , a [HANDLE] flunky who didn ' t know that I won every debate , in particular- the last one . Check polls ! 
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said , " We are going to put a whole lot of coal minerscoal companies out of business ." She then apologized . 
President Donald J . Trump Proclaims October 24 , 2017 , as United Nations Day Read more : [URL] [URL] 
According to the Failing New York Times , the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016 . It wasnt about Trump , he wasnt even close to a candidate yet . Rigged Witch Hunt ! 
If Iran wants to fight , that will be the official end of Iran . Never threaten the United States again ! 
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference . Love being in Indiana . The [HANDLE] is getting stronger stronger and doing some really great and important work . Having their powerful support has been vital to [HASHTAG] ! 
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina . Big crowds , great people . Going for a third now ! 
Thank you to our GREAT MilitaryVeterans and [HANDLE] . Remember [HASHTAG] . Remember the [HANDLE] ! A day Ill never forget . [URL] 
Since Election Day 2016 , Stocks up almost 50 , Stocks gained 9 . 2 Trillion Dollars in value , and more than 5 , 000 , 000 new jobs added to the Economy . [HANDLE] If our opponent had won , there would have been a market crash , plain and simple ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
 . [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota . They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for [HASHTAG] . Border , Military , Vets , 2nd A . Go Vote Minnesota . They have my Strong Endorsement ! 
Wow , just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19 , to 50 . That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone , and they want Security , which can only be gotten with a Wall . 
Maggie Haberman of the Failing [HANDLE] reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton El Paso , when in fact I was the one who stated , very strongly , that I didnt want the Fake News inside told my people NOT to let them in . Fake reporting ! 
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati , Ohio . See you there ! P . S . Our Country is doing GREAT ! 
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail , LaVar Ball , the father of LiAngelo , is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal . I should have left them in jail ! 
I can ' t believe that [HANDLE] would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters . 7 to 1 - Don ' t watch CNN ! 
Romney ' s failed advisors , like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win . But they lost- don ' t know how to win ! 
For years and through many administrations , everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility . Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity . Look forward to our meeting ! 
I will be watching [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] at 10 : 00 P . M . He speaks the truth ! 
Just returned to Bedminster , NJ from Camp David . GREAT meeting on National Security , the Border and the Military ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong , fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE . Mark is a true believer and American Patriot . He will do a great job ! 
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President , when in fact it is just the opposite - the two Fake reporters knew this . This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People . So bad for America ! 
 [HANDLE] : The establishment doesn ' t like you because they can ' t control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off . 
The courage sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall , our hearts beat with pride , and our Country remains one people , one family , and one NATION UNDER GOD . Today , we thank you , we honor you , we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue ! [URL] 
As I have been saying , Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election , despite her statements to the contrary : top adv . 
China already charges a tax of 16 on soybeans . Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products . Not acceptable ! 
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist . 70 of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction . [HASHTAG] 
At some point , and for the good of the country , I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion . Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start . After having foolishly spent 7 trillion in the Middle East , it is time to start rebuilding our country ! 
Thank you Indiana , we were just projected to be the winner . We have won in every category . You are very special people-I will never forget ! 
Greatly dishonest of [HANDLE] to file a financial disclosure form not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
We have all got to come together and win this election . We can ' t have four more years of Obama ( or worse !). 
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea . China and Russia voted with us . Very big financial impact ! 
If we can help little [HASHTAG] , as per our friends in the U . K . and the Pope , we would be delighted to do so . 
Thank you Peter - if elected , I will think big for our country never let the American people down ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Prime Minister [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] - on behalf of [HANDLE] Melania and myself , thank you for the invitation [URL] 
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill 1 million for his birthday ? SO CORRUPT ! [URL] 
Absolutely nothing ( on Russian Collusion ). Kimberley Strassel , The Wall Street Journal . The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics . The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats ! 
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday , after which we need 60 . Get rid of Filibuster Rule ! 
If a deal is made with China , our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before ! 
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up -- and where are your 33 , 000 emails that you deleted ? [URL] 
President George H . W . Bush led a long , successful and beautiful life . Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family . His accomplishments were great from beginning to end . He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A . S . C ., reg cutting , Stock M , jobs , border etc . TRUE ! 
 [HANDLE] : Clinton says Trump is dangerous . Who ' s the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi ? [URL] 
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin . In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy . If I was loud vicious , I would have been criticized for being too tough . Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim ? Hypocrites ! 
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton ' s 33 , 000 illegally deleted emails , perhaps they should share them with the FBI ! 
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister [HANDLE] shortly . Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people ! 
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day , we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation ... [URL] 
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story . They just cant help themselves . FAKE NEWS ! 
Dow Passes 23 , 000 for the First Time , Fueled by Strong Earnings " [HASHTAG] : t . cownkrddYlb9 [URL] 
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7 : 00pmE . Massive crowd expected - tune in ! [HASHTAG] 
A story in the [HANDLE] that I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS . I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U . S . Supreme Court . The unnamed sources dont exist ! 
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal ! 
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians ? Also , is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look ? 
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars , I have the absolute right to PARDON myself , but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong ? In the meantime , the never ending Witch Hunt , led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats ( others ) continues into the mid-terms ! 
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time , a presidential record , by far , for less than two years . So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed . 
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border . We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief , hoping it will help them in the elections . Obama and others had the same pictures , and did nothing about it ! 
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants , many of whom are stone cold criminals , back to their countries . Do it by plane , do it by bus , do it anyway you want , but they are NOT coming into the U . S . A . We will close the Border permanently if need be . Congress , fund the WALL ! 
Just watched recap of [HASHTAG] ' s speech . Very short and lies . She is the only one fear-mongering ! 
Iran , with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama , has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia their oil . THEY JUST FOUND IT ! 
Make sure you ' re registered to vote ! Let ' s [HASHTAG] ! We can ' t afford more years of FAILURE ! All info : [URL] 
Please explain to the dummies at the [HANDLE] Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won , according to Drudge etc ., all 11 of them ! 
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election ! Why didn ' t these people vote ? Celebs hurt cause badly . 
I will be nominating Christopher A . Wray , a man of impeccable credentials , to be the new Director of the FBI . Details to follow . 
MONDAY - 1172016 Scranton , Pennsylvania at 5 : 30pm . [URL] Grand Rapids , Michigan at 11pm . [URL] 
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters . Countrys economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week . Tremendous potential , and trade deals are coming along well . 
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE . Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided . We must seek real , bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all . [URL] 
Presidential Harassment by crazed Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country . Likewise , the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads , as usual , to Puerto Rico . FEMA and all others are ready , and will do a great job . When they do , let them know it , and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time . That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan ! 
Why does [HANDLE] devote so much time on her shows to me , almost always negative ? Without me her ratings would tank . Get a life Megyn ! 
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple , they had zero chance of being elected . Now act so hurt wounded ! 
I am in Iowa . Will be making two speeches today . Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast . Enjoy the beauty of the storm ! 
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty . Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate . Sad ! 
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama . That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther . He won ' t let you down ! 
Tariffs are the greatest ! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal , or it gets hit with Tariffs . Its as simple as that - and everybodys talking ! Remember , we are the piggy bank thats being robbed . All will be Great ! 
Thanks to Phantom Fireworks and Fireworks by Grucci " for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D . C . has ever seen . CEO ' s Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history ! 
Just arrived in Florida . Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today . We are with you ! 
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border ... it has been going on for many , many decades ... [URL] 
If Elizabeth Warren , often referred to by me as Pocahontas , did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen , with her husband dressed in full Indian garb , it would have been a smash ! [URL] 
Will Bruce Ohr , whose family received big money for helping to create the phony , dirty and discredited Dossier , ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions Justice Department ? A total joke ! 
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana , where things are going well . Such cooperation coordination ! 
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina , including all of those involved in last nights car accident , and their families . [URL] 
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the [HANDLE] . He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime borders an inspiration to our Military Vets . Big on 2nd Amendment . Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th . He has my full total endorsement ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me , and " forgot " to mention the many problems of our country , in her very average scream ! 
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest " pushpolls " on me . We are watching ! 
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which [HANDLE] will provide , and Krysten Sinema doesnt even think about . If it were up to Sinema - drugs , crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace . Vote for Martha ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] If the GOP screws Trump , his millions will walk from the GOP never to return ! They better think long and hard
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy , Giuseppe Conte , mostly concerning Immigration , Taxes , Trade , and the Economy of both of our countries . Very good call ! 
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking 1 million dollars . I told them no and now they are doing negative ads . 
Pray for the people in the Bahamas . Being hit like never before , Category 5 . Almost 200 MPH winds . 
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs . I will bring jobs back ! 
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country . They are all talk and no action . Likewise , Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years , and do Nothing . The Dems dont care , such BAD laws . May close the Southern Border ! 
Wow , just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI , almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons , opened up an investigation on me , for no reason with no proof , after I fired Lyin James Comey , a total sleaze ! 
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated , " Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President ." Big problem
Hillary Clinton just had her 47 moment . What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans ! 
After my tour of Asia , all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed . The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion . The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly ! 
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic . There are plenty of new , high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy . If you are not happy where you are , start looking - but also remember , our economy is only getting better . Vote in Midterms ! 
Hank Greenberg , formerly of AIG , gave 10 million to the [HANDLE] campaign 3 months ago . He is not happy , a total waste of money ! 
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything . He will need Democrat votes , but as shown in the House , good things happen . If enough Dems dont vote , it will be a Democrat Shutdown ! House Republicans were great yesterday ! 
Here we go with the Fake Polls . Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton . ABC , NBC , CNN , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , they all got it wrong , on purpose . Suppression Polls so early ? They will never learn ! 
Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT . [HANDLE] by Catherine Herridge . Therefore , the case should never have been allowed to be brought . It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt ! 
Had a very good phone call with [HANDLE] , President of France . Discussed various subjects , in particular Security and Trade . Many other calls and conversations today . Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple . He is investing big dollars in U . S . A . 
Wow , Lyin ' Ted Cruz really went wacko today . Made all sorts of crazy charges . Can ' t function under pressure - not very presidential . Sad ! 
New York State and its Governor , Andrew Cuomo , are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS . No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers . The Witch Hunt continues ! 
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi China to help with North Korea , it has not worked out . At least I know China tried ! 
Im with you ! I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates , as always , in order to make up for the business they are , and will be , losing . If the Federal Reserve ever did a match , it would be game over , we win ! In any event , China wants a deal ! 
With Spies , or Informants as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister ( but its not ), all over my campaign , even from a very early date , why didnt the crooked highest levels of the FBI or Justice contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem ? 
Justice Ginsburg of the U . S . Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me . Her mind is shot - resign ! 
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support . Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the [HANDLE] , members of the U . S . Military and their families . [URL] 
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton ' s agenda . What a terrible ( and boring ) rollout that was yesterday ! 
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border . We have sent additional military . We will build a Human Wall if necessary . If we had a real Wall , this would be a non-event ! 
TO ALL AMERICANS- [HASHTAG] many blessings to you all ! Looking forward to a wonderful prosperous 2017 as we [URL] 
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama . Luther Strange started way back ran a good race . Roy , WIN in Dec ! 
Happy 382nd Birthday [HANDLE] . Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 247365 . We love you ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Just landed in Duluth , Minnesota . Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with [HANDLE] and his wonderful family ! 
New Strzok-Page texts reveal Media Leak Strategy . [HANDLE] So terrible , and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching , and they get it completely . 
Target CEO raves about the Economy . This is the best consumer environment Ive seen in my career . A big statement from a top executive . But virtually everybody is saying this , when our Trade Deals are made , cost cutting done , you havent seen anything yet ! [HANDLE] 
China is eating the Tariffs . Billions pouring into USA . Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs ! Good Jobs Numbers , No Inflation ( Fed ). China having worst year in decades . Talks happening , good for all ! 
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely . The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom ! 
For those of you who are still interested , the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA . Not a lot of interest on this subject from them ! 
A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4 growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year ! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period . Wow ! 
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately . Also , they will be buying vast amounts of LNG ! 
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times . They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward . From the day I announced , the Times has been Fake News , and with their disgusting new Board Member , it will only get worse ! 
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a " product " that never had a chance of working . 
 . [HANDLE] , the great Governor of Arkansas , is in a primary tomorrow . He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes , border security , and crime prevention . Asa loves our military and our veterans . I fully endorse Asa for Governor ! 
Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER ." -Stuart [HANDLE] [URL] [URL] 
Departing New York with General James ' Mad Dog ' Mattis for tonight ' s rally in Fayetteville , North Carolina ! See you [URL] 
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media . They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them . Major lies written , then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed ... a stain on America ! 
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today , The Daytona 500 . Brian France and the France family are special people . Enjoy the race ! 
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story . It was political pundit Doug Schoen , not a Ukrainian businessman , who asked me to do a short speech by phone ( Skype ), hosted by Doug , in Ukraine . I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia C story ! 
 [HANDLE] : Thank you for all that you are doing for us ! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions . We love you ! [HASHTAG] " Thanks
Nothing ever happened with any of these women . Totally made up nonsense to steal the election . Nobody has more respect for women than me ! 
 . [HANDLE] is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment potential . She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support . Diane is strong on crime , loves our Military Vets-has my total Endorsement ! 
 . [HANDLE] I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic . A wonderful evening tradition . [HANDLE] : [URL] 
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees : Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone : Trump wins again ... Schumer and Dems caved ... gambled and lost . Thank you for your honesty Jim ! 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] Great comment after last rally [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] " Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz ." [HASHTAG] 
WOW , John James is making headway in Michigan . We are bringing jobs back to the State , and the People of Michigan appreciate it . Debbie Stabenow has been no help , if anything , a major hindrance . John James is a star , I hope the voters see it . Polls are tightening ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all , including my worst and most vicious critics , of which there are fewer and fewer . This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American ! KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! 
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on [HANDLE] . Not surprisingly , [HANDLE] and the audience was so smiley and nice . Very strange , and now we have [HANDLE] ? 
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri . Such a tragedy , such a great loss . May God be with you all ! 
North Korea fired off some small weapons , which disturbed some of my people , and others , but not me . I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me , also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual , worse . Perhaps thats sending me a signal ? 
The Senate should get funding done before the August break , or NOT GO HOME . Wall and Border Security should be included . Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations , worst in history . Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct , all they know how to do . STAY ! 
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me ! 
Can ' t watch Crazy Megyn anymore . Talks about me at 43 but never mentions that there are four people in race . With two people , big over ! 
Why do the networks continue to put dopey [HANDLE] on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs ? 
It ' s hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every storyopinion , even if should be positive , is bad ! 
The U . S . once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . Video : [URL] 
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N . Y . construction job , when that was unheard of , and now she is nasty . So much for a nice thank you ! 
Today , it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the [HANDLE] ! [URL] 
Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats , until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited 30 , 000 , 000 Mueller Report . Now the Dems dont even acknowledge his name , have become totally unhinged , and would like to go through the whole process again . It wont happen ! 
Israel , Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great . Trying hard for PEACE . Doing well . Heading to Vatican Pope , then [HASHTAG] and [HASHTAG] . 
We are not in a trade war with China , that war was lost many years ago by the foolish , or incompetent , people who represented the U . S . Now we have a Trade Deficit of 500 Billion a year , with Intellectual Property Theft of another 300 Billion . We cannot let this continue ! 
I am " the king of debt ." That has been great for me as a businessman , but is bad for the country . I made a fortune off of debt , will fix U . S . 
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa . I have been so inspired by their courage bravery . [URL] 
It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
I unfairly get audited by the I . R . S . almost every single year . I have rich friends who never get audited . I wonder why ? 
Thank you to all of America ' s brave police , deputies , sheriffs , and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day ! We love you and will always support you . [URL] 
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace . 
 . [HANDLE] said today on [HANDLE] that " attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before ." Wrong - attacked him in ' 08 won ! 
Sorry folks , but Bernie Sanders is exhausted , just can ' t go on any longer . He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect . SAD ! 
The hatred and extreme bias of me by [HANDLE] has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function . But actually , as I have always said , this has been going on for a long time . Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job , his ratings suck , ATT should fire him to save credibility ! 
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS . Im sure he is a fine man , but I dont know Jim , and never met him . Patrick Shanahan , who is Acting Secretary of Defense , is doing a great job ! 
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - " The NSA FBI ... should not interfere in our politics ... and is " Very serious situation for USA
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct ? Big mistake by an incompetent judge ! 
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President ' s Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! 
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents , but costs are out of control , more than 4 billion . Cancel order ! 
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country . Im tough as hell on people if I werent , nothing would get done . Also , I question everybody everything-which is why I got elected ! 
states instead of the 15 states that I visited . I would have won even more easily and convincingly ( but smaller states are forgotten )! 
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says ' people are more in despair about how things are ' [URL] 
When you can ' t say it - or see it -- you can ' t fix it . We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state . RVs are not for her . People are really upset , so phony ! Josh Hawley should win big , and has my full endorsement . 
Iran is playing with fire - they don ' t appreciate how " kind " President Obama was to them . Not me ! 
Before I , or anyone , saw the classified andor highly confidential hacking intelligence report , it was leaked out to [HANDLE] . So serious ! 
Women for Kavanaugh , and many others who support this very good man , are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P . M . VOTE . It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs . Big day for America ! 
I will be interviewed by [HANDLE] tonight at 10 o ' clock on [HANDLE] . Will be my first interview from the White House . [URL] 
Just left Sioux Center , Iowa . My speech was very well received . Truly great people ! Packed house- overflow ! 
Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG . It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before . Now , as President of the United States , it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world , a very MERRY CHRISTMAS ! [URL] 
Judge Ken Starr , former Solicitor Generel Independent Counsel , just stated that , after two years , there is no evidence or proof of collusion further that there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President . Thank you Judge . [HANDLE] 
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months . Likewise , no Nuclear Tests . Japan is happy , all of Asia is happy . But the Fake News is saying , without ever asking me ( always anonymous sources ), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough . Wrong , very happy ! 
Is everybody believing what is going on . James Comey cant define what a leak is . He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesnt understand what he did or how serious it is . He lied all over the place to cover it up . Hes either very sick or very dumb . Remember sailor ! 
See you at 7 : 00 P . M . tonight Phoenix , Arizona ! [HASHTAG] Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar . 
The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history , and its much worse than we thought . Andrew McCabe ( FBI ) admitted to plotting a coup ( government overthrow ) when he was serving in the FBI , before he was fired for lying leaking . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Treason ! 
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans . With todays order , we express the everlasting love loyalty of a truly grateful Nation . God bless our Vets , God Bless America ! [URL] 
I am supportive of Lamar as a person also of the process , but I can never support bailing out ins co ' s who have made a fortune w O ' Care . 
I dont know [HANDLE] , to best of my knowledge haven ' t played golf whim think he does too many TV commercialsboring . Not a fan . 
A great new book just out , Game of Thorns , by Doug Wead , Presidential Historian and best selling author . The book covers the campaign of 2016 , and what could be more exciting than that ? 
 [HANDLE] : Kudos to [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] for rising above the drama and coming together . Very respectful and classy 
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi , Vietnam tonight . Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
In fact , my views on Venezuela , and especially Cuba , were far stronger than those of John Bolton . He was holding me back ! [URL] 
My list of potential U . S . Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved . During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list ! 
After having written many best selling books , and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write , it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake . I capitalize certain words only for emphasis , not bc they should be capitalized ! 
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with [HANDLE] - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with [HANDLE] McConnell and [HANDLE] . Making progress - four week extension would be best ! 
The U . S . is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety . Very brave and talented people ! 
I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this mornings hearing . Now , after 3 hours , Robert Mueller has to subject himself to [HASHTAG] - an Embarrassment to our Country ! 
Unbelievably , James Comey states that Polls , where Crooked Hillary was leading , were a factor in the handling ( stupidly ) of the Clinton Email probe . In other words , he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win , and he wanted a job . Slimeball ! 
Getting ready to land in Hawaii . Looking so much forward to meeting with our great MilitaryVeterans at Pearl Harbor ! 
The Obama people did something thats never been done ... They spied on a rival presidential campaign . Would it be OK if Trump did it next ? I am losing faith that our system is on the level . Im beginning to think it is rotten corrupt . Scary stuff Obama did . [HANDLE] DOJ
Great honor- Rev . Jerry Falwell Jr . of Liberty University , one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation , has just endorsed me ! 
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in HuntsvilleMadison Alabama ! Landing now ! [HASHTAG] 
What many people dont understand , or dont want to understand , is that Wayne , Chris and the folks who work so hard at the [HANDLE] are Great People and Great American Patriots . They love our Country and will do the right thing . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
I dont need to know any more . Were done , absolutely done , he ( Mueller ) tried the case . Theres NO COLLUSION . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left , it will never be enough ! 
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it . So bad for our country ! 
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them . [HASHTAG] [HANDLE] 
Wow , did you see how badly [HANDLE] ( Clinton News Network ) is doing in the ratings . With people like [HANDLE] , who could expect any more ? 
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs . Likewise to Pfizer . We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices , maybe substantially , on prescription drugs . 
 . [HANDLE] had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang . Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements ! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again , in the near future . [URL] 
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country . You are our true heroes ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The Democrats , much as I suspected , have allocated no money for a new Wall . So imaginative ! The problem is , without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border ! 
Many people would like to see [HANDLE] represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States . He would do a great job ! 
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky . I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me ! 
Beautiful weather all over our great country , a perfect day for all Women to March . Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months . Lowest female unemployment in 18 years ! 
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted ( acid washed ) her 33 , 000 e-mails ! 
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the [HASHTAG] media . 
Great discussion with Prime Minister [HANDLE] today . We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal . I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend , at the [HANDLE] , in France ! 
Today , it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt . David Bellavia ( HERO ) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend , President Xi of China , has given to the United States , particularly at the Border of North Korea . Without him it would have been a much longer , tougher , process ! 
Democrats refused to take care of DACA . Would have been so easy , but they just didnt care . I had to fight for Military and start of Wall . 
 . [HANDLE] will be re-running " Objectified : Donald Trump ," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ , at 8 : 00 P . M . Enjoy ! 
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting . 
Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line ( True ). ISIS was willing to die but now , because of big pressure , save for a few people in caves , most have surrendered . A testament to our President . Thank you Pete Hegseth [HANDLE] 
So it was indeed ( just proven in court papers ) last in his class ( Annapolis ) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election . He the Dems , working together , failed ( as usual ). Even the Fake News refused this garbage ! 
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to " hit " Trump . I signed the pledge-careful
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax , and indeed a tax incentive . Make your products in the United States instead of China . Start building new plants now . Exciting ! [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker . I support him and he ' s self funding ! 
So terrible that Crooked didn ' t report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile , if that were me it would have been front page news ! 
If Chicago doesn ' t fix the horrible " carnage " going on , 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings ( up 24 from 2016 ), I will send in the Feds ! 
Today , I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act ( [HASHTAG] .) The bill authorizes .... cont [URL] [URL] 
President Obama just had a news conference , but he doesn ' t have a clue . Our country is a divided crime scene , and it will only get worse ! 
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful [HANDLE] in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE . Enjoy ! [URL] 
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U . Too bad ! 
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall . Either way , people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally ! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary . Also , STOP THE DRUGS ! 
 . [HANDLE] just stated that " President Trump ' s successes are unmatched in recent presidential history " Thank you Lou ! 
So true ! Mr . Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party , whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates . Nicholas Fandos , [HANDLE] 
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U . K ., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU . GOD BLESS ! 
40 years of corruption . 40 years of repression . 40 years of terror . The regime in Iran has produced only [HASHTAG] . The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future . [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Your tax and economic plans are second to none ! [URL] Media shld report . 
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce engagement w the world . Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security prosperity for his citizens ! [URL] 
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long . Do not worry , we are in very good shape ! 
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ ! The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett . A sad chapter for law enforcement . A rigged system ! 
WOW - thank you Houston , Texas ! I am departing [HANDLE] now . See you in a few hours !! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa . Make Trump your pick for president now . 
So nice , everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador . She would be incredible , but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism ! We have great people that want the job . 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia , including Crimea , Syria and so much more . We are now starting to win again ! 
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand , the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago ! Animal Assad would have been history ! 
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL , KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II , IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY , EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WONT LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE . PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS CRIME . WIN ! 
If anybody but your favorite President , Donald J . Trump , announced that , after decimating ISIS in Syria , we were going to bring our troops back home ( happy healthy ), that person would be the most popular hero in America . With me , hit hard instead by the Fake News Media . Crazy ! 
The media is unrelenting . They will only go with and report a story in a negative light . I called Brexit ( Hillary was wrong ), watch November
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp . He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] Trump is your man America . He is the best !! Vote for him !" Thank you ! 
 . [HANDLE] oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179 , 249 while [HANDLE] DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113 , 826 . [URL] 
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane . Be careful , our hearts are with you- will be there to help ! 
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves , believe in your future , and believe , once more , in America . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Good luck to Ric Grenell , our new Ambassador to Germany . A great and talented guy , he will represent our Country well ! 
Wow ! New National Zogby Poll just out :. TRUMP 45 . CRUZ 13 . RUBIO 8 . Big numbers . 
Biden would be Americas Dream Candidate , because there would be no more Tariffs , no more demands that China stop stealing our IP , things would go back to the old days with Americas manufacturers workers getting shafted . He has Zero Credibility ! [HANDLE] So true ! 
The U . S . will soon control 100 of ISIS territory in Syria . [HANDLE] ( do you believe this ?). 
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter , I want to wish all of my friends , supporters , enemies , haters , and even the very dishonest Fake News Media , a Happy and Healthy New Year . 2018 will be a great year for America ! 
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS . You have shed your blood , poured your love , and bared your soul , in [URL] 
I need [HANDLE] of [HASHTAG] to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving . Her opponent would be a disaster . Nobody works harder than Claudia , and she is a producer . I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement ! Vote Claudia ! 
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare ! ObamaCare is a disaster , far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable ! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite . The Don is by far the best
If I hadnt won the 2016 Election , we would be in a Great RecessionDepression right now . The people I saw on stage last night , you can add in Sleepy Joe , Harris , the rest , will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before . With me , only up ! 
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016 , GDP , which was about 1 and going down , would have been minus 4 instead of up 4 . 2 . I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts . Our system was choking and would have been made worse . Still plenty to do ! 
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart . Bad people are very happy ! 
He ( Trump ) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration . If its not one thing , its another . Its a DISGRACE ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly . In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on . At some point this had to be done ! 
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain , but without it we wouldn ' t have roads , highways , airports , schools or even pipelines . 
John Brennan on the Mueller probe , I dont know if I received bad information , but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS . Wow , he admits he was wrong ! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc . 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister [HANDLE] of Israel back to the [HANDLE] where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israels sovereignty over the Golan Heights . Read more : [URL] [URL] 
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years . At some point Schumer and Pelosi , who are weak on Crime and Border security , will be forced to do a real deal , so easy , that solves this long time problem . Schumer used to want Border security - now hell take Crime ! 
For all of today ' s voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign , I am not bought and paid for ! 
Wow , the Failing [HANDLE] said about [HANDLE] ".... the most powerful T . V . show in America . 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
With incredible grit , skill , and pride , the 7 , 000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution . They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE ! [URL] 
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad so terrible . Condolences to all family members and loved ones . These beautiful children will be remembered ! 
On behalf of [HANDLE] Melania myself , THANK YOU for today ' s update GREAT WORK ! [HASHTAG] [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [URL] 
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee , Florida ! Sanford at 3pm : [URL] Tallahassee at 6pm : [URL] 
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants , or Illegal Immigrants , Animals . Wrong ! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories . I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as Animals , a big difference - and so true . Fake News got it purposely wrong , as usual ! 
Sun Sentinel says : Rubio lacks the experience , work ethic and gravitas needed to be president . HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE ! 
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS , they have no policies or ideas . All they do is delay and complain . They own ObamaCare ! 
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline , his wonderful daughter , Kameron , and their friends , on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas . The great people of West Virginia will never forget them ! 
New Virginia poll- thank you ! We are going to show the whole world that America is back BIGGER , and BETTER , and S [URL] 
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack , the U . S . stands with the people of India in their quest for justice . The attack killed 166 innocents , including six Americans . We will never let terrorists win , or even come close to winning ! 
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible . Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker [HANDLE] and his talented representatives for having pulled it off . Great job ! 
I dont know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate ( 1 ) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth . Juaquin is not the man that his brother is , but his brother , according to most , is not much . Keep fighting Juaquin ! 
Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary , AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress , deleted and acid washed 33 , 000 Emails ? No justice ! 
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan . You showed great courage in a tough race ! New York , and my many friends on Staten Island , have elected someone they have always been very proud of . Congratulations ! 
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom , purpose , and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations ... [URL] 
 [HASHTAG] - Remember your duty . Honor your history . Take care of the people God puts into your life and LOVE CHERISH your country ! [URL] 
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry . Shows me hitting shot , but I never did lie ! Was there to support son
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House . Happy 4th to everyone . Our country will grow and prosper ! 
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer , and every member of the U . S . Military at home and abroad . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Obama , and all others , have been so weak , and so politically correct , that terror groups are forming and getting stronger ! Shame . 
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony . Great team ! 
It doesn ' t matter that Crooked Hillary has experience , look at all of the bad decisions she has made . Bernie said she has bad judgement ! 
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland . What a great day , especially when added to the brave brilliant vote . 
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful [HASHTAG] . Get out and [URL] so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] [URL] 
Will be interviewed by [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] at 9 : 00 P . M . ( Saturday night ). Enjoy ! 
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately , has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyones taxes if he becomes president . Ridiculously , all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes ! 
There will be NO change to your 401 ( k ). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works , and it stays ! 
Today , it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the [HASHTAG] to the [HANDLE] . [HASHTAG] Remarks : [URL] [URL] 
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by [HANDLE] tonight at 10pmE on [HANDLE] . Enjoy ! [URL] 
The Fake News is working overtime . Just reported that , despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy all things else , 91 of the Network News about me is negative ( Fake ). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt ? Take away credentials ? 
Just learned that Jon [HANDLE] , who is running for Congress in Georgia , doesn ' t even live in the district . Republicans , get out and vote ! 
In even the darkest moments , the light of our people has shown through their goodness , their courage and their love . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Congratulations to Bill Schuette . You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan . Lots of car and other companies moving back ! 
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59 , the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better ! 
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1 , he should take his dumb mouthpiece , [HANDLE] , and just go home . 
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida , Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival . From a large tent in Los Angeles , to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium , to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957 ... [URL] 
Everyone in the path of [HASHTAG] please prepare yourselves , heed the advice of State and local officials , and follow [HANDLE] for updates . Be safe ! [URL] 
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on [HANDLE] about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany . Great things are happening ! 
Is their a case for impeachment ? Absolutely not ! There is no high crimes or misdemeanors , no treason , no extortion , no treason . RD Robert Ray , respected
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family . Justice took a 12 year old tax case , among other things , applied tremendous pressure on him and , unlike Michael Cohen , he refused to break - make up stories in order to get a deal . Such respect for a brave man ! 
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan . If he becomes the Republican candidate , he will beat the Open Borders , weak on Crime , Democrat , Debbie Stabenow . Vote for John James and Make America Great Again ! 
Dems are no longer talking DACA ! Out of sight , out of mind , they say . DACA beneficiaries should not be happy . Nancy Pelosi truly doesnt care about them . Republicans stand ready to make a deal ! 
Incredible number just out , 7 , 036 , 000 job openings . Astonishing - its all working ! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA . Also , Strong Profits . We are Number One in World , by far ! 
Pennsylvania - Dont forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress . Fred is Strong on Crime , Second Amendment , Military , Vets , and Healthcare . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] " that ' s because you ' ve never hired anyone to do work before " favorite line from tonights debate . 
In one of the biggest stories in a long time , the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts , perhaps 50 , 000 , and all in prime time . Wow ! 
While on FAKE NEWS [HANDLE] , Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network . They said technical difficulties ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump , CANT be [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] 
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored . We say a prayer for our country : that all across this land , the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God . [URL] 
Wow , just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a love letter to Trump manuscript for a new book that he was pushing . Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki , his phony reasons for going rogue . Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony , which now is a lie ! 
The Democrats , without a leader , have become the party of obstruction . They are only interested in themselves and not in what ' s best for U . S . 
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats . For the Republicans , and for your all time favorite President , it is a Fake Fact Checker ! 
Wow , [HANDLE] is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting . Good news -- bad , dishonest journalists ! [URL] 
Great jobs numbers and finally , after many years , rising wages- and nobody even talks about them . Only Russia , Russia , Russia , despite the fact that , after a year of looking , there is No Collusion ! 
Beautiful afternoon in Elko , Nevada . Thank you ! Get out and VOTE TODAY !! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC . [URL] 
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11 : 30 this morning . Record crowd , live broadcast . Enjoy ! 
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown . Now I want a big win for everyone , including Republicans , Democrats and DACA , but especially for our Great Military and Border Security . Should be able to get there . See you at the negotiating table ! 
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D . C . Tough and smart , he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! 
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th . Who paid for it , Russia , the FBI or the Dems ( or all )? 
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare . The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people ! 
Farmers are starting to do great again , after 15 years of a downward spiral . The 16 Billion Dollar China replacement money didnt exactly hurt ! 
Together , we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise , so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck . With your help , we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe , modern , fair , and LAWFUL system of immigration ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
So the highly overrated anchor , [HANDLE] , is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show , but I can ' t fight back ? Wrong ! 
Terrible attacks in NY , NJ and MN this weekend . Thinking of victims , their families and all Americans ! We need to be strong ! 
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement , she is a very good person and I dont think there would ever be reason to use it . She called me yesterday to apologize , had a bad night . I fully understood and forgave her ! I love Tiffany , doing great ! 
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill . Terrible Individual Mandate ( ObamaCare ) Repealed . Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote . If approved , there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1 : 00 P . M . 
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania ' s speech than the FBI spent on Hillary ' s emails . 
Keep up the GREAT work . I am with you 100 ! " ISIS is losing its grip ..." Army Colonel Ryan Dillon CJTFOIR [URL] [URL] 
In 1998 , Rep . Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton . No information whatsoever would or could be legally released . But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report , which the Dems hate , he wants it all . NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM ! [HANDLE] 
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world . [HANDLE] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize , but not how to lead . 
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST . If not , Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members , Drug Dealers , Human Traffickers , and Criminals of all shapes , sizes and kinds . CHANGE THE LAWS NOW ! 
The U . S ., under my administration , is completely rebuilding its military , and they ' re spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world , being built right now . I want peace through strength ! [URL] 
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign . 
 [HANDLE] : Reports are RNC has received 1 million postcards so far ! If I get more info on ## I ' ll post [HANDLE] [URL] 
We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected , undocumented , unchecked ... Barrack Obama , 2005 . I voted , when I was a Senator , to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in ... Hillary Clinton , 2015 . 
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST . Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done . SO ILLEGAL ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement . Also backed Jeb . Lindsey got 0 ! 
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi , Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip , the Phillipines . 
Just arrived in Indianapolis , Indiana to make an announcement on [HASHTAG] ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] great on [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] too " Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate ! 
FACT on red line in Syria : HRC " I wasnt there ." Fact : line drawn in Aug 12 . HRC Secy of State til Feb 13 . [URL] 
Join me in Ohio Maine ! Cincinnati , Ohio- tonight @ 7 : 30pm : [URL] Bangor , Maine - Saturday @ 3pm [URL] 
Today , it was my honor to sign into law H . R . 7213 , the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018 . The Act redesignates the [HANDLE] Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office . Read more : [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : I follow Mr . Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on [URL] He is a lion-hearted warrior , who inspires hope
When the Democrats in Congress refinish , for the 5th time , their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding , they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done . Move quickly ! 
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair . No more ! It ' s time to REBUILD , and we will do it with American WORKERS , American GRIT , and American PRIDE ! [URL] 
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago , great timing ( as all know ). Pols made big mistakes , now many bankruptcies . 
I hear that [HANDLE] man , Robert Mercer , a good man , is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his ( Teds ) holdings .? 
Hillary said that guns don ' t keep you safe . If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm ! 
Hearing word that Russia , Syria and , to a lesser extent , Iran , are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria , and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians . The World is watching this butchery . What is the purpose , what will it get you ? STOP ! 
A fantastic day in D . C . Met with President Obama for first time . Really good meeting , great chemistry . Melania liked Mrs . O a lot ! 
A big salute to Jerry Jones , owner of the Dallas Cowboys , who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag ." Stand for Anthem or sit for game ! 
The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey . It was clearly the right thing to do . You dont want an FBI Director with Jim Comeys ethics . Jason Riley , Wall Street Journal
39 of my nominations , including Diplomats to foreign lands , have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay . At this rate , it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working . Never happened before . Disgraceful ! 
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors . Owned by Wall St and Politicians , HRC is not with you . [URL] 
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation , the outside world blowing up around us , Paris is burning and China way down , the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike . Take the Victory ! 
 . [HANDLE] Pharma is a leader in higher higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U . S . Bring jobs back LOWER PRICES ! 
America ' s hearts prayers are with the people of [HASHTAG] the [HASHTAG] . We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER ! [URL] 
The European Union , wonderful countries who treat the U . S . very badly on trade , are complaining about the tariffs on Steel Aluminum . If they drop their horrific barriers tariffs on U . S . products going in , we will likewise drop ours . Big Deficit . If not , we Tax Cars etc . FAIR ! 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men , women and children , and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide . We pledge with all of our might and resolve : Never Again ! [URL] [URL] 
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7 : 30 . Big crowd , big energy ! 
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU . The only force strong enough to save our country is US . [URL] 
After 5 SB victories since 2002 , it was my honor to give Bob Kraft , Coach Belichick , and the players their first to [URL] 
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd , a man with so little touch for politics , is at it again . He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N . C . 
The Justice Dept . should have stayed with the original Travel Ban , not the watered down , politically correct version they submitted to S . C . 
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner . The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off use better ! 
China wants to make a deal so badly . Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs , they must stem the flow . At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America , the theft of hundreds of Billions of s ! 
We are here today to award Americas highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins ... [URL] 
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime , failing schools and vanishing jobs . 
Dr . Sebastian Gorka , a very good and talented guy , has a great new book just out , Why We Fight . Lots of insight - Enjoy ! 
I hear [HANDLE] [HANDLE] came out with another one of their phony polls . While I am leading , they are totally discredited after last S . C . poll
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor . Will then be heading to Japan , SKorea , China , Vietnam the Philippines . Will never let you down ! 
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails , using even religion , against Bernie ! 
 [HANDLE] : # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls [HASHTAG] ' Slave of the [HASHTAG] ' Video [URL] ARE YOU WELCOME NOW
LAWFARE : " Remarkably , in the entire opinion , the panel did not bother even to cite this ( the ) statute ." A disgraceful decision ! 
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey , his minions and sadly , the FBI . Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader , by far , in the history of the FBI . I did a great service to the people in firing him . Good Instincts . Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back ! 
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus ( R ) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map . He must win . Strong on crime , borders , big tax reg cuts , Military Vets . Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime . BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy , military and just about everything else . Better numbers than Obama at this point , by far . We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave , but there might be a Red Wave ! 
I will beat Hillary easily , but Lindsey Graham says I won ' t , and yet he got zero against me- no cred ! Why does FOX put him on ? 
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President , " Tell Vladimir that after the election I ' ll have more flexibility ?" [HANDLE] 
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a " moment of courage ." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived . 116 increase ! 
Womens unemployment rate is down to 3 . 6 - was 7 . 9 in January , 2011 . Things are looking good ! 
Because of my Administration , drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years but the American people need Congress to help . I like Sen . Grassleys drug pricing bill very much , and its great to see Speaker Pelosis bill today . Lets get it done in a bipartisan way ! 
Peggy Noonan , the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all , is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats , or how vicious and desperate they are . Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement , Peggy never understood it ! 
Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it ( crime conditions in Baltimore ) for decades , and he hasnt gotten it done . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country ! 
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government . Terrible ! 
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain . This joke of a deal is falling apart , not being honored and almost dead . Very dumb ! 
Great Town Hall tonight at 10 : 00 P . M . ( Eastern ) conducted by [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] 
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries ( than Crooked Hillary ) if I only had one opponent , instead of sixteen . Broke record
From [HANDLE] " Bombshell : In 2016 , Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election ." Check out his statement - Witch Hunt ! 
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime Borders . Troy is the total opposite , and loves our Military , Vets 2nd Amendment . EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th . Troy has my Full Total Endorsement ! 
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll : TRUMP 77 ( 18 , 290 ) CLINTON 17 ( 4 , 100 ) [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
New Fox Poll shows a 40 Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump , a record for Republicans . Thank you , a great honor ! 
Wow , the failing [HANDLE] has not reported properly on Crooked ' s FBI release . They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in . The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable ! [URL] 
Mobile , Alabama today at 3 : 00 P . M . Last rally of the year - " THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH " Biggest of all crowds expected , see you there ! 
Things will work out fine between the U . S . A . and Russia . At the right time everyone will come to their senses there will be lasting peace ! 
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexicos murder rate in 2017 increased by 27 to 31 , 174 people killed , a record ! The Democrats want Open Borders . I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals ! [HANDLE] 
I REALLY DONT CARE , DO U ? written on the back of Melanias jacket , refers to the Fake News Media . Melania has learned how dishonest they are , and she truly no longer cares ! 
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy . If so , he should run , not her . Will he bring the " energizer " to D . C .? 
Be careful and try staying in your house . Large parts of the Country are suffering from tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold . Amazing how big this system is . Wouldnt be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now ! 
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support . David is strong on crime and borders , loves our Military , Vets and Second Amendment . Get out and vote for David on Thursday , August 2nd . He has my full and total Endorsement ! 
Join me in Crosby , Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure ! [URL] 
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people ! They have gone absolutely Loco , or Unhinged , as they like to say ! 
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS ! 
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended ( captured ) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border . They wont be coming into the U . S . The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future , and now ! 
The [HANDLE] is so dishonest . Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer , who said it was a lie ! 
 ....( The Witch Hunt ) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history , marking the first occasion in which the U . S . government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election ( presidential )! Victor Davis Hanson And got caught ! [HANDLE] 
Many of Bernie ' s supporters have left the arena . Did Bernie go home and go to sleep ? 
President [HANDLE] of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria .... and he is a man who can do it plus , Turkey is right next door . Our troops are coming home ! 
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Counsel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia ( so ridiculous ), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation that the only Collusion was with the Dems ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] damn fox is really acting like a baby today . I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased ! 
Working in Bedminster , N . J ., as long planned construction is being done at the White House . This is not a vacation - meetings and calls ! 
Congratulations [HANDLE] ! BIG NEWS for U . S . Auto Workers ! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal . [URL] 
In addition to Florida - South Carolina , North Carolina , Georgia , and Alabama , will most likely be hit ( much ) harder than anticipated . Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever . Already category 5 . BE CAREFUL ! GOD BLESS EVERYONE ! 
The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media . Here at home , not so much . MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trumps trip to Europe . [HANDLE] The good news is that [HANDLE] is dying in the ratings , along with [HANDLE] ! 
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies ( crossover ). I will also get states that no other Republican can get . 
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved . Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed . OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY ! 
Media desperate to distract from Clinton ' s anti-2A stance . I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution ! 
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice , France . We are with you in every way ! 
 [HANDLE] : Rubio isn ' t experienced enough to be Commander in Chief . Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama . We need a true leader Vote Trump
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem , Flag and Country ? Change tax law ! 
Just out , but lightly reported : " Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U . S . Job Market " Lowest since March 1973 . [HANDLE] 
On my way to Columbia , Missouri for a [HASHTAG] . Look forward to seeing everyone soon ! [URL] [URL] 
The reason I put up approximately 50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple , I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled , with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina . Great people and spirit . Today will be more of the same . 
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B have a big stake in it . Will devote ZERO TIME ! 
The military drills , or war games as I call them , were never even discussed in my mtg w Kim Jong Un of NKFAKE NEWS ! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U . S . far too much money to have those games , especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost ! 
Endless Wars , especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago , those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing , will eventually come to a glorious end ! 
It is great to be here in Hackberry , Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world ! [URL] 
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely . Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal . New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman . Canada must wait . Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high . Will tax cars if we cant make a deal ! 
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time very dangerous low . You can thank Congress , the same people that can ' t even give us HCare ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes ? Journalist ? Do your job ! [HANDLE] 
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton , I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15 . Absentee ballots have been sent out ! [HASHTAG] 
Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU , currently paying 31 . Theyve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that theyve been hit with which will rise to 66 in June of 2021 . [HANDLE] So unfair to U . S . We will Reciprocate ! 
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it ' s way . It ' s circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low . Sad ! 
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us ( or not fixed ) some of the worst trade deals in World History . I am changing that fast ! 
A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress . What are they afraid of ? Why so much redacting ? Why such unequal justice ? At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved ! 
Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign No , James Clapper , I am not happy . Spying on a campaign would be illegal , and a scandal to boot ! 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED ! Cruz ' s favorability ratings are 0 , NO ONE LIKES HIM . VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD ! 
Mitt Romney didn ' t show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21 , 2012 , and then only after being humiliated by Harry R ! A bad messenger for estab ! 
 [HANDLE] : My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners : DonaldTrump A : v strong energyclose . BernieSanders B : went too long
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans not criminal aliens . And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , and Law Enforcement ! [URL] 
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED . We ' ll create 25M jobs when I ' m president , and I will DELIVER ! [URL] 
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate , despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise . The Opposition Party the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security , but dont want to give Trump another one of many wins ! 
 [HANDLE] : . [HANDLE] is who we need 2 fix this corrupted , rigged system . 4 no Profit , Under budget ahead of schedule . 
 . [HANDLE] : Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster . Actually disaster is pretty clear . [HASHTAG] 
 . [HANDLE] has been amazing . We will win and establish strong borders , we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay . We will be great again ! 
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man ( Person ) of the Year , like last year , but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot . I said probably is no good and took a pass . Thanks anyway ! 
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country . Very much like North Korea , this should have been fixed years ago , not now . Same with other countries and NAFTA ... but it will all get done . Great Potential for USA ! 
From day one Rick Scott never wavered . He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida . Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign ! 
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody , including the fake media already knows- there is " no evidence " of collusion w Russia and Trump . 
The Republican House members are working hard ( and late ) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve . These will be biggest ever ! 
Time to [HASHTAG] in Washington , D . C . and VOTE [HASHTAG] on 1182016 . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE [URL] 
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one . Thank you to everyone , including the haters , for the great reviews of the speech ! 
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina . The State is BOOMING , with jobs and new industry setting records . He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders , Health Care , the Mititary and our great Vets . Henry has my full and complete Endorsement ! [HASHTAG] 
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs . ISIS Caliphate TODAY . ( Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office ). [URL] 
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp . Will be great for Georgia , full Endorsement ! [URL] 
John Brennan , no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar . Hes a liar about being a liar . 
Jobs up big , plus 312 , 000 . Record number working . Manufacturing best in 20 years ( Previous administration said this could not happen ). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever . Dow plus 747 ( for day ). [HANDLE] 
I hope everyone , even the Fake News Media , is having a great Christmas ! Our Country is doing very well . We are securing our Borders , making great new Trade Deals , and bringing our Troops Back Home . We are finally putting America First . MERRY CHRISTMAS ! [HASHTAG] 
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant , bringing up the relationship that the U . S . and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things ... but he doesnt bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300 on dairy hurting our Farmers , killing our Agriculture ! 
GDP was revised upward to 3 . 1 for last quarter . Many people thought it would be years before that happened . We have just begun ! 
Thank you Michigan . We are going to bring back your jobs together , we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Watch : [URL] 
In order not to pay Tariffs , if they start rising , companies will leave Mexico , which has taken 30 of our Auto Industry , and come back home to the USA . Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels . The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals ! 
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party . Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down ! 
So why aren ' t the Committees and investigators , and of course our beleaguered A . G ., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes Russia relations ? 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] I just voted for [HANDLE] in Indiana . Everyone I talk to was following suit !" Fantastic ! 
Failing [HANDLE] , which has been calling me wrong for two years , just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W . H . 
Just spoke to Prime Minister [HANDLE] where I congratulated him on his big political victory . He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him ! 
Just arrived at [HASHTAG] in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders . Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS , unlike the horror shows from past Administrations . Will then be leaving for D . C . Made many good friends ! 
Hillary ' s been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change . 
This is no surprise . Constant phony reporting from failing [HANDLE] turns everyone off . The American people get it ! [URL] 
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on [HANDLE] at 8 : 10pm from Pensacola , Florida . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] A vote for [HANDLE] or [HANDLE] is a vote for corruption , special interests and lobbyists . Trump for POTUS ! 
My rallies are not covered properly by the media . They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm . 
Alaska had a 200 plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare , worst in the country . Deductibles high , people angry ! Lisa M comes through . 
I will be going the Columbia , South Carolina , on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters , a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina , Governor Henry McMaster . Henry worked so hard was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating ! 
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4 , 331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016 . If Mayor can ' t do it he must ask for Federal help ! 
On this Veterans Day the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI , we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War , and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe , Strong and FREE ! [URL] [URL] 
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday . Today looks to be another good one . Companies earnings are great ! 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president . Based on her decision making ability , I can go along with that ! 
Why does [HANDLE] [HANDLE] waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist , Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show ? 
The debates , especially the second and third , plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies , plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS , gave us the win ! 
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI . He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! 
If it werent for Donald Trump , we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are , we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State . Now we know it . [HANDLE] 
 [HANDLE] : Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 121 . The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations . I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments . Our economy is stronger than everwe stand with our Farmers ! 
 . [HANDLE] is so embarrassed by their total ( 100 ) support of Hillary Clinton , and yet her loss in a landslide , that they don ' t know what to do . 
In other words , Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not , I want strong military low oil prices . Witch Hunt ! [URL] 
Elizabeth Warren , often referred to as Pocahontas , just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary , who she always hated ! 
We need to secure our borders ASAP . No games , we must be smart , tough and vigilant . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN ! 
I watched parts of [HANDLE] Saturday Night Live last night . It is a totally one-sided , biased show - nothing funny at all . Equal time for us ? 
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki . Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting . We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match . Big results will come ! 
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt , I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy , maybe Best Ever ! If the Corrup Media was actually fair , I would be up by 25 points . Nevertheless , despite the Fake News , were doing great ! 
If their highly unethical behavior , including begging me for ads , isnt questionable enough , they have endorsed a candidate who cant win . 
Congratulations to Paul Ryan , Kevin McCarthy , Kevin Brady , Steve Scalise , Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes ! 
Thank you Las Vegas , Nevada- I love you ! Departing for Greeley , Colorado now . Get out VOTE ! [HASHTAG] - watch here : [URL] 
Were [HANDLE] weekend anchors , [HANDLE] and [HANDLE] , trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse ? In any event , thats where they should be working , along with their lowest rated anchor , Shepard Smith ! 
 . [HANDLE] The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights , as I will do for the U . S . Also got 6 , 000 , 000 for our VETS ! 
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional ( Ninth ) race . Please vote early ( now ), or on Election Day , September 10th , for Dan Bishop , a great guy . His opponent wants Open Borders , Sanctuary Cities is weak on Crime , Military Vets ! 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida . The people can ' t stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic ! 
Despite so many positive events and victories , Media Reseach Center reports that 92 of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC , CBS and ABC . It is FAKE NEWS ! Dont worry , the Failing New York Times didnt even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17 ! 
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm . Up by 14 ! Cruz dropped 3 . [URL] 
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania . Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA ? 
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obamas term showing children from the Border in steel cages . They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad , but backfires . Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country ... Bipartisan Bill ! 
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico . I look very much forward to working with him . There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico ! 
The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74 , and that despite all of the Fake Corrupt News that they are forced to endure . Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST ! 
Thank you NH ! We will end illegal immigration , stop the drugs , deport all criminal alienssave American lives ! Watc [URL] 
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection . The European Union , for many years , has taken advantage of us on Trade , and then they dont live up to their Military commitment through NATO . Things must change fast ! 
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with [HANDLE] senior staff . 
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with [HANDLE] airs tonight at 8 : 00 P . M . Enjoy ! [URL] 
Thank you Roanoke , Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today ! Sign up : [URL] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels . Told other nations they must pay more , not fair to U . S . 
Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts [HANDLE] So , what else is new . He is a total phony ! 
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U . S . in order to help keep our country safe . The courts are slow and political ! 
Thank you to Jack Morgan , Tamara Neo , Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia . GREAT JOB ! 
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime , Drugs , and Trafficking in our Country . I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL ! 
Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower , said Ralph Reed , the chairman of the Faith Freedom Coalition . 
Thank you to [HANDLE] for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court , Brett Kavanaugh . Your vote means a lot to me , and to everyone who loves our Country ! 
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally . Of the 12 , 000 children , 10 , 000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip , and only 2000 are with their parents , many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions . 
Congratulations to [HANDLE] of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years . 4 . 6 million people watched my interview ! Thank you ! 
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report , it will never be good enough . Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing ! 
Europe and the U . S . must immediately stop taking in people from Syria . This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it ! So sad ! 
House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way , that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof . Why wouldnt you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal . Thank you [HANDLE] 
Congratulations to President [HANDLE] who just made a great inauguration speech - the U . S . A . is with you ! 
Spoke to PM [HANDLE] of Australia . He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship . Working very quickly on a security agreement so we dont have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally , the great nation of Australia ! 
No Collusion and No Obstruction , except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats . All of the resignations and corruption , yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction . What about the Brennan , Comey , McCabe , Strzok lies to Congress , or Crookeds Emails ! 
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags . I want America First - so do voters ! 
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterdays closed door testimony and , according to most reports , refused to answer many questions . There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt , headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted , is Rigged ! 
At the request of Democrats , I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process ( Deportation ) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border . If not , Deportations start ! 
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U . S . history . Great support from so many sides . Big winners will be the middle class , business JOBS
On Tuesday , I visited with the incredible men women of [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Border Patrol in Yuma , AZ . Thank you . We respect cherish you ! [URL] 
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant . Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses . N . C . riots ! 
Now that the Dems are going to try switch from Collusion to some other reason , it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didnt accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President . [HANDLE] It will never work ! 
Happy to announce we are awarding 1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy . 
I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was NOT the main goal . Rob Goldman Vice President of Facebook Ads [URL] 
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton . Check it out Sleepy Eyes , [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
I have asked Secretary of State [HANDLE] to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers . South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest ! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4 , 000 JOBS and investing 1 . 6 BILLION in Alabama , helping to further grow our economy ! [URL] 
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by " intelligence " like candy . Very un-American ! 
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and [HANDLE] , Ernie Els , and had a great time . Japan is very well represented ! 
Other good polls also in fifties , despite only Fake News , and then phony polls by A . P ., CNN , NBC and , as always , Fox , who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election ! [URL] 
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos , Switzerland . Many great discussions ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] Bob Mueller , isnt your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier , paid for by Hillary , created by a man who hates Donald Trump , used to con a FISA Court Judge . Bob , I really think its time for you to give up your phony investigation . No Collusion ! 
I look forward to watching [HANDLE] tonight , 8 PM ET . It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair . 
For too many years , our inner cities have been left behind . I am going to deliver jobs , safety and protection for those in need . 
I have long heard that the most important decision a U . S . President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9 : 00 P . M . 
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except , of course , the Democrats . After many years we have taken care of our Military , now we have to fix our roads , bridges , tunnels , airports and more . Bipartisan , make deal Dems ? 
 [HANDLE] : People are just mad that you ' re doing so good so they are gonna do they ' re best to stop you . Not gonna happen [HASHTAG] 
On my way to Richmond , Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7 : 00pmE . The crowds are once again , massive . See everyone in a couple of hours ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments ( Ambassadors , Executives , etc .) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government . Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT ! 
Our Justice Department must not let Awan Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook . The Democrat I . T . scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today . They want to make a plea deal to hide what is on their Server . Where is Server ? Really bad ! 
Republicans shouldnt vote for H . R . 312 , a special interest casino Bill , backed by Elizabeth ( Pocahontas ) Warren . It is unfair and doesnt treat Native Americans equally ! 
Great meeting this afternoon at the [HANDLE] with [HANDLE] from [HANDLE] . Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform , and the world of social media in general . Look forward to keeping an open dialogue ! [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] fans , greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for [HANDLE] , at least you ' ll have a job . 
Just had a very open and successful presidential election . Now professional protesters , incited by the media , are protesting . Very unfair ! 
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time . Democrats , despite all of the evidence , proof and Caravans coming , are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL . Ive got you covered . Wall is already being built , I dont expect much help ! 
The failing [HANDLE] has become a newspaper of fiction . Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources . Very dishonest ! 
23 of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants . Border arrests are up 240 . In the Great State of Texas , between 2011 2018 , there were a total of 292 , 000 crimes by illegal aliens , 539 murders , 32 , 000 assaults , 3 , 426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges . Democrats come back ! 
As I predicted , 16 cities , led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left , have filed a lawsuit in , of course , the 9th Circuit ! California , the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train , with no hope of completion , seems in charge ! 
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary ! 
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security ( including Wall ) on our very dangerous Southern Border . Teams negotiating this weekend ! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events , including Fake sources , has been very inaccurate ( to put it mildly )! 
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea . Over one billion dollars in cost to N . K . 
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan . Agriculture and beef heavily in play . Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] please Mr . Trump make [HANDLE] ions your VP . He is a perfect running mate ." He is a great guy ! 
Hence , legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations . The Presidency is a far more important task ! 
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country . We will all come together and be proud ! 
 [HANDLE] : Dear [HANDLE] , after doing a quick Google Twitter search there are over 15 , 000 women ' s groups supporting DonaldTrump . Stop Lying . 
The U . S . Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill , with my total approval . Great ! 
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates , Hillary would destroy them . Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania . Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou ! 
In the last 24 hrs . we have raised over 13M from online donations and National Call Day , and were still going ! Thank you America ! [HASHTAG] 
I will be interviewed from Cleveland , Ohio , on [HANDLE] - Tonight at 10 : 00 P . M . Enjoy ! 
Why doesn ' t the failing [HANDLE] write the real story on the Clintons and women ? The media is TOTALLY dishonest ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Please make us safe . We cannot have Hillary as president . We will be in so much trouble . 
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats ? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive . Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details . In the meantime , Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president . Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch ! 
Today , it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country . Full remarks : [URL] [URL] 
No , Amnesty is not a part of my offer . It is a 3 year extension of DACA . Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal , whether on immigration or something else . Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11 , 000 , 000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy ! 
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night . You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan , and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud . You have my complete and total Endorsement ! 
Big WIN today for building the wall . It will secure the border save lives . Now the full House Senate must act ! [URL] [URL] 
3 . 4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated , and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition ! 
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia , even a confrontation that could lead to war . They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that Ill probably have a good relationship with Putin . We are doing MUCH better than any other country ! 
Wow , Jeb Bush , whose campaign is a total disaster , had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me . Not nice ! 
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back [HASHTAG] Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with [HANDLE] today ! [URL] [URL] 
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security . From what I hear , they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military ! 
A big fat hit job on [HANDLE] tonight . A total waste of time to watch , boring and biased . [HANDLE] said I would never run , a dope ! 
94 Approval Rating in the Republican Party , an all time high . Ronald Reagan was 87 . Thank you ! 
My wife Melania will be on [HANDLE] tomorrow morning at 8 : 00 . Interviewed by [HANDLE] - Enjoy ! 
So many stories about me in the [HANDLE] are Fake News . They are as bad as ratings challenged [HANDLE] . Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes ? 
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew . We are looking really good , but it is far too early to be focused on that . Much work to do ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Jeff Sessions said he wouldnt allow politics to influence him only because he doesnt understand what is happening underneath his command position . Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched . No Collusion ! 
For the record , there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff . Mick M will do a GREAT job ! 
Wow , Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director . More dirty tricks ! 
Thank you [HANDLE] ! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy , revive our industry renew the AMERICAN DREAM ! [URL] 
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever . We need change ! 
We are making great progress with healthcare . ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse . Republicans coming together to get job done ! 
Millions of ' s of false ads , paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater [HANDLE] and sleepy [HANDLE] , are now running in S . C . 
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years . Why didnt Obama do something about it ? Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win , thats why . Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration , but Fake News doesnt want to report the truth , as usual ! 
No matter what happens today in the Senate , Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves . They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall . Not one Democrat voted yes , and we won big . I am very proud of you ! 
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans ... got not one Democrat Vote ! Heres a choice . They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially . Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service , FBI , or ( Dallas ) police
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] you have just been put on notice [HANDLE] We Stand with you ... [HASHTAG] " Thankyou . 
I will be interviewed by [HANDLE] tonight at 9 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] . Enjoy ! 
After many years of failure , countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea . We must be tough decisive ! 
The U . S . may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian , but please dont let down your guard . As it heads up the coast , lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen ! On the other hand , the Bahamas have been devastated . We are sending crews to help ! 
Little " Michael Bloomberg , who never had the guts to run for president , knows nothing about me . His last term as Mayor was a disaster ! 
Arizona , together with our Military and Border Patrol , is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area . WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH . Big danger . Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall ! 
Trolling the Mueller Report . Democrats Lost On Collusion . Now Theyre Inventing A Coverup . [HANDLE] James Freeman [HANDLE] 
Based on the IG Report , the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM . The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices , healthcare , infrastructure and all else . The Mueller Report showed No Collusion , No Obstruction ! 
The [HANDLE] purposely covers me so inaccurately . I want other nations to pay the U . S . for our defense of them . We are the suckers-no more ! 
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U . S . Postal System from China . We can , and must , END THIS NOW ! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country . No more delay ! 
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages , people like Nadler , Schiff , AOC Plus 3 , and many more , had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me . Oh well , maybe next time ! 
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT ! Hillary was set up by a con . 
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations . Your Country will be well represented ! 
I am the only candidate ( in many years ) who is self-funding his campaign . Lobbyists and interests totally control all other candidates ! 
 [HANDLE] : I want a " you ' re fired " president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax ' s . [HANDLE] 
The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak ineffective U . S . immigration laws are . Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities . We need lawmakers who will put America First . 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] why do they have so many debates this year ?? Also , why is Cruz still allowed to run , he ' s not eligible
U . S . COAL PRODUCTION Up7 . 8 past year . Down31 . 5 last 10 years . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Despite major outside money , FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates , BIG " R " win with runoff in Georgia . Glad to be of help ! 
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion . Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
An honor to join the [HANDLE] Coalition yesterday . In America , we don ' t worship government . We worship God . [URL] 
Iran toys with U . S . days before we pay them , ridiculously , billions of dollars . Don ' t release money . We want our hostages back NOW ! 
Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done . Governor John Sununu [HANDLE] [HANDLE] The big questions are , will they move the goalposts and , is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY ? I hope NOT on both counts , but Ill be able to figure it out ! 
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate . We fully know about the sites being discussed , nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal . Just more Fake News . I will be the first to let you know if things go bad ! 
It was announced today by the U . S . Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea . I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions ! 
As long as I campaign andor support Senate and House candidates ( within reason ), they will win ! I LOVE the people , they certainly seem to like the job Im doing . If I find the time , in between China , Iran , the Economy and much more , which I must , we will have a giant Red Wave ! 
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy , [HANDLE] , a really great guy . He will be honored in Washington , at the [HANDLE] , shortly . He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right ! 
Back in D . C ., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country . Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us . The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better . The end result will be great for ALL ! 
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn ' t cover fairly . People got it ! 
In honor of his past service to our Country , Navy Seal [HASHTAG] will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court . Process should move quickly ! [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal Replace after years of talking campaigning on it . 
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie ! 
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart . I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans . [HASHTAG] 
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability . As Bernie Sanders says , she has bad judgement . Constantly playing the women ' s card - it is sad ! 
David Brooks , of the New York Times , is closing in on being the dumbest of them all . He doesnt have a clue . 
Wow , word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT . Andrew McCarthy says , Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign . If so , this is bigger than Watergate ! 
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings . See you in the Supreme Court ! 
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts ( no chance ). This is too good to be true for Republicans ... Remember , the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime , the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members ... not good ! 
Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign . This has never been done before and by any means necessary , they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didnt commit . David Asman [HANDLE] [HANDLE] Really bad stuff ! 
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N . A . T . O . Why ? It is time to renegotiate , and the time is now ! 
 . [HANDLE] such an honor to get your endorsement . You are a fantastic guy ! It will not be forgotten . Don and Eric say hello ! 
I am the only person in America who could say that , Im bringing our great troops back home , with victory , and get BAD press . It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining . If I stayed in Endless Wars forever , they would still be unhappy ! 
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong , we are under no pressure to make a deal with China , they are under pressure to make a deal with us . Our markets are surging , theirs are collapsing . We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs making products at home . If we meet , we meet ? 
The Stock Market hit 25 , 000 yesterday . Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government . It is all happening ! 
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN . Call it what you want , it is about keeping bad people ( with bad intentions ) out of country ! 
Record crowd in Tampa , Florida- thank you ! We will WIN FLORIDA , [HASHTAG] in Washington D . C . and MAKE AMERICA [URL] 
I dont care what you think of the President ... it cannot bleed over to the FBI ... Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI ... -Chris Swecker
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U . S . Senate . She has done nothing ! 
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement . We will ALL WIN in 2020 together ! 
71 of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good . The highest number in more than 18 years ! [HANDLE] 
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost 600 , 000 in income . He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS , except when it benefits him . They made a fortune off of Trump , but so did everyone else - and thats a good thing , not a bad thing ! 
Our Nation was founded by farmers . Our independence was won by farmers . And our continent was tamed by farmers . Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them , and we are DELIVERING for them ! [HASHTAG] 
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms . This is the United States of America and we have whats known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH ! We are monitoring and watching , closely !! 
On this wonderful Veterans Day , I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS . Thank you ! [URL] 
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally . The list of bad players in the FBI DOJ gets longer longer . Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt , will it be dropped ? It is a total Hoax . No Collusion , No Obstruction - I just fight back ! 
President Donald J . Trump and [HANDLE] Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House . [URL] 
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong ? The real story is about to happen ! Why is [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] allowed to be on Twitter Facebook . Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS ! 
Spoke at the Congressional [HANDLE] Retreat in Philadelphia , PA . this afternoon w [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] , [HANDLE] . Th [URL] 
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I ' m sure he would do a good job if he was . The media makes everything up ! 
The U . S . has gained more than 5 . 2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day ! Also , record business enthusiasm . 
It is time to [HASHTAG] in Washington , D . C ! Vote Nov . 8th to take down the [HASHTAG] system ! [URL] 
both countries will , perhaps , work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD ! 
Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump [HANDLE] Of course not , because there is none , and never was . This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace ... and Obama did nothing about Russia ! 
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals , not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations . They dont want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U . S . 
Slippery James Comey , the worst FBI Director in history , was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where , by the way , there was NO COLLUSION ( except by the Dems )! 
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the [HANDLE] , at the Lake Worth Inlet Station , in Riviera Beach , Florida today ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
We shouldnt be hiring judges by the thousands , as our ridiculous immigration laws demand , we should be changing our laws , building the Wall , hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password . 
 [HANDLE] : Trump destroyed Hillary Sanders moved in . But he didn ' t destroy her , Trump did . [URL] So true ! 
Under my Administration , we are restoring [HANDLE] to greatness and we are going back to the Moon , then Mars . I am updating my budget to include an additional 1 . 6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY ! 
 [HANDLE] : Thank You Mr . Trump for Standing up for Our Country ! [HASHTAG] JOIN ME ON THE [HASHTAG] [URL] 
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU , the American people ! [HASHTAG] Video : [URL] [URL] 
It was my great honor to deliver the [HASHTAG] at the [HANDLE] . CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017 ! [URL] 
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the podium much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely inaccurately , in particular certain members of the press . I told her not to bother , the word gets out anyway ! Most will never cover us fairly hence , the term , Fake News ! 
About to begin a rally here in Henderson , Nevada . New Reuters poll just out- thank you ! Join the MOVEMENT : [URL] 
Just in , big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72 . 8 of the vote ! Thank you ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election . Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter , Lou Barletta , to replace a weak an ineffective Senator , Bob Casey . Lou is tough and smart , loves PA and our Country ! 
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair . Jane is a loyal Trump supporter star
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U . S . with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation . So one-sided , it should have been stopped many years ago ! 
No wonder the Today Show on biased [HANDLE] is doing so badly compared to its glorious past . Little credibility ! 
Just as we won the Cold War , in part , by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets .... Cont : [URL] 
Why is it that the horrendous protesters , who scream , curse punch , shut down roadsdoors during my RALLIES , are never blamed by media ? SAD ! 
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words . Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way ! 
Amy Kremer , Women for Trump , was so great on [HANDLE] . Brave and very smart , thank you Amy ! [HANDLE] 
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country ! 
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall , or Fence , and was unable to do so . Others also have tried . We will get it done , one way or the other ! 
Join me live in Louisiana ! Tomorrow , we need you to go to the polls send John Kennedy to the U . S . Senate . [URL] 
Paul Krugman , of the Fake News New York Times , has lost all credibility , as has the Times itself , with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me . He is obsessed with hatred , just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is . He said Market would crash , Only Record Highs ! 
With ZERO Democrats to help , and a failed , expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy , the Republican Senators are working hard ! 
The questions are an intrusion into the Presidents Article 2 powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee ... what the President was thinking is an outrageous ..... as to the Presidents unfettered power to fire anyone ... Joe Digenova , former US Attorney
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isnt a Whistleblower at all . In addition , all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else , a leaker or spy , feeding it to him or her ? A partisan operative ? 
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now theyre looking at the rest of the World . Oh great ! 
My wife , Melania , will be interviewed tonight at 8 : 00pm by Anderson Cooper on [HANDLE] . I have no doubt she will do very well . Enjoy ! 
Wacky [HANDLE] , who hardly knows me , makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column . A neurotic dope ! 
Mark Penn Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff ? Why is there an Independent Councel ? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses ... Constitution was set up to prevent this ... Stormtrooper tactics almost . A disgrace ! 
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized ( for a Wall Street paid for ad ) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women . She is a total fraud ! 
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats , yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered . Why cant they play it straight , so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular , your favorite President ! 
Democrats want open Borders , where anyone can come into our Country , and stay . This is Nancy Pelosis dream . It wont happen ! 
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place , the longest such delay in the history of our country . Obstruction by Democrats ! 
Some day , when things calm down , I ' ll tell the real story of [HANDLE] and his very insecure long-time girlfriend , [HANDLE] . Two clowns ! 
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases . Hopefully , all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U . S . history . 
Thank you Orlando , Florida ! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man , woman and ch [URL] 
If you meet every day with optimism if you confront every obstacle with determination if you refuse to give up , if you never quit , if you face every challenge with confidence and pride then there is no goal you cannot achieve , and no dream beyond your reach ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly . A truly great woman conservative . [URL] 
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel ! I liked Don , but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions . So much Fake Reporting and Fake News ! 
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms . So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers . Help for GA , FL , IA , NE , NC , and CA . Puerto Rico should love President Trump . Without me , they would have been shut out ! [URL] 
Yesterday , I signed the [HASHTAG] ( H . R . 2142 ) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country . Together , we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States ! [URL] 
 [HASHTAG] is never more . They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12 . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems , in Trump era ( per NBCWSJ poll ) via [HANDLE] : [URL] 
If I would have done the last debate , a record would have been set ( instead of the poor ratings recieved ). Also , VETS got 6 , 000 , 000 . 
When a country ( USA ) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with , trade wars are good , and easy to win . Example , when we are down 100 billion with a certain country and they get cute , dont trade anymore-we win big . Its easy ! 
Thank you Concord , North Carolina ! When WE win on November 8th , we are going to Washington , D . C . and we are going t [URL] 
The U . S . economy is looking very good , in my opinion , even better than anticipated . Companies are pouring back into our country , reversing the long term trend of leaving . The unemployment numbers are looking great , and Regulations Taxes have been massively Cut ! JOBS , JOBS , JOBS
The [HANDLE] endorsement was a wonderful surprise . I greatly appreciate his support ! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th . 
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today . Would I have become President without Social Media ? Yes ( probably )! At its conclusion , we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship . 
Just watched Rep . Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by [HANDLE] on [HANDLE] about the phony Witch Hunt . He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO . Fox sure aint what it used to be . Too bad ! 
Richard Trumka , the head of the AFL-CIO , represented his union poorly on television this weekend . Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country , and the success of the U . S . itself , that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly . A Dem ! 
Watched North Dakotas Rep . Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp . Great job Kevin , you will be a great Senator ! 
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta ' s heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon ! [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] - Just watched you on [HASHTAG] with a large group of people . Everybody loves you- two amazing people ! [HASHTAG] 
Pennsylvania : Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district ! [URL] 
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses , the party is VERY united . Great love in the arena ! 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat [HASHTAG] . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
Great reviews on the new USMCA . Thank you ! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade ( and more ) long into the future . 
Dem Gov . of MN . just announced that the Affordable Care Act ( Obamacare ) is no longer affordable . I ' ve been saying this for years- disaster ! 
Our great country is respected again in Asia . You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come ! 
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U . S . sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues . Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court . Massive protest expected today . Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice . 
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10 : 00 P . M . on [HANDLE] - [HANDLE] 
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State . They go after Phony Collusion with Russia , a made up Scam , and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before ! What goes around , comes around ! 
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people ! 
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe ( U . S . has a 151 Billion trade deficit ), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO , and nicely pay for it . Just doesnt work ! 
Border Security and the Wall thing and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker ! Lets make a deal ? 
With all of its phony unnamed sources highly slanted even fraudulent reporting , [HASHTAG] News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country ! 
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news , but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative . The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead , except as it pertains to the Dems . Public gets it ! 
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4 . Our economy has added 3 . 7 million jobs since I won the Election . 4 . 1 GDP . More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform . 400 Billion brought back from overseas . [HANDLE] 
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on [HANDLE] . He wrote a highly touted book called The Second World Wars and a new book will soon be coming out called The Case For Trump . Recommend both . [HANDLE] 
94 Approval Rating in the Republican Party ! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct . 
Highly respected author , Christopher Bedford , just came out with book , " The Art of the Donald , Lessons from America ' s ...." Really good book ! 
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday , 9916 at 7pm . Join me ! [URL] [URL] 
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she , as a representative , is killing the Democrat Party ! 
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided , I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country . It is a disgrace . We are the only Country in the World so naive ! WALL
Today we honor Dr . Martin Luther King , Jr . on the 50th anniversary of his assassination . Earlier this year I spoke about Dr . Kings legacy of justice and peace , and his impact on uniting Americans . [HASHTAG] Proclamation : [URL] [URL] 
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact . Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting . Always quoting sources ( not names ), many of which dont exist . Story on John Kelly isnt true , just another hit job ! 
4 . 2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus andor Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut Jobs Bill .... and it will only get better ! We are far ahead of schedule . 
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto , of Mexico , and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow . 
 . [HANDLE] - Thank you for the nice piece in [HANDLE] [HANDLE] . Keep up the great work ! [URL] 
On behalf of an entire Nation , CONGRATULATIONS to the U . S . Women ' s Hockey Team on winning the GOLD ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
ALL THE NEWS THATS NOT FIT TO PRINT ! The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with . It is no longer a news organization . It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country ( for the worse !). Michael Goodwin , Highly Respected New York Post Columnist . 
President [HANDLE] , Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Im with you ! I will work hard and never let you down . Make America Great Again ! [URL] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : Mr . Trump ... BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS ! It ' s a SLAM DUNK CASE !! Check it ! [URL] 
THANK YOU Atlanta , Georgia ! Leaving for Nevada now . Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] [URL] 
Today , it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the [HANDLE] - a great friend and ally of the United States ! Joint press conference : [URL] [URL] 
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush ' s swearing-in .... he doesn ' t believe Bush is the true elected president ." Sound familiar ! WP
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] It will never happen . Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump . Nobody will watch wo Trump . 
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent . That ' s politics ! 
Heading back to Washington , D . C . Much will be accomplished this week on trade , the military and security ! 
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs . My supporters are far tougher if they want to be , but fortunately they are not hostile . 
This isnt some game . You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States . John Dowd , March 2018 . With North Korea , China , the Middle East and so much more , there is not much time to be thinking about this , especially since there was no Russian Collusion . 
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce . G . M . let our Country down , but other much better car companies are coming into the U . S . in droves . I want action on Lordstown fast . Stop complaining and get the job done ! 3 . 8 Unemployment ! 
 . [HANDLE] is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio . We need him in D . C . Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement ! 
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50 , which is higher than Obama , and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low . They know they are lying when they say it . Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS ! 
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country , the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President , for the foul language they have used , and the terrible things they have said . So many people are angry at them their horrible disgusting actions ! 
Big win in the House - very exciting ! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 , we will have truly great healthcare ! 
Tune in at [URL] and get the word out [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] Help us spread the TRUTH , stop the [URL] 
Victory press conference was over . Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions ? Can I press charges ? [URL] 
I asked [HANDLE] Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled , disrespecting our country . I am proud of him and [HANDLE] Karen . 
Big day in Texas tomorrow ! Having a rally in Fort Worth . Tremendous crowd . Will be exciting ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was , a broken and corrupt machine . Hopefully , justice will finally be served . Much more to come ! 
The United States hasnt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years . They must end unfair trade , take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs . The U . S . is losing 500 Billion a year , and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades . Cannot continue ! 
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare . It is in a death spiral . Obstructionist Democrats gave up , have no answer resist ! 
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics ( and bad programming ). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers . Apologize for untruth ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] They are all going crazy ! We the people do not care at all ! We are with Trump !! 
The Fake News Media keeps saying we havent built any NEW WALL . Below is a section just completed on the Border . Anti-climbing feature included . Very high , strong and beautiful ! Also , many miles already renovated and in service ! [URL] 
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government . Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with . Thousands rescued . 
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions . I am the only one who knows who the finalists are ! 
Today , it was my great honor to celebrate the [HASHTAG] at the [HANDLE] , in the Rose Garden ! Proclamation : [URL] [URL] 
Rasmussen at 50 . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] are only getting worse ! Now [HANDLE] others on Fox . Not what it used to be ! [URL] 
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston [HANDLE] have done is WIN since coming to the White House ! Others also have done very well . The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated ! By the way , the Boston players were GREAT guys ! 
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm ! TICKETS : Golden : [URL] Phoenix : [URL] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst ( and biggest ) loser of all time . She just cant stop , which is so good for the Republican Party . Hillary , get on with your life and give it another try in three years ! 
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate . This should have taken place many years ago but , as the saying goes , better late than never ! 
Wow , just saw the really bad [HANDLE] ratings . People don ' t want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary . 
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop . Time to get tough on Border Security . Build the Wall ! 
Today , our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America . God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform , and God Bless the United States of America . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia . We have similar , though more advanced , technology . The Russian Skyfall explosion has people worried about the air around the facility , and far beyond . Not good ! 
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers , Peter Strzok and Lisa Page , who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people . It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History ! 
And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win , Win and Win again ! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A . G . William Barrs testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
China and the United States are working well together on trade , but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China , for so many years , that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries . But be cool , it will all work out ! 
In NYC , looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person . Law enforcement is following this closely . NOT IN THE U . S . A .! 
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP , NAFTA , high taxes , radical regulation , and massive influx of refugees . 
Despite what you hear in the press , healthcare is coming along great . We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture ! 
Never in the history of our Country has the press been more dishonest than it is today . Stories that should be good , are bad . Stories that should be bad , are horrible . Many stories , like with the REAL story on Russia , Clinton the DNC , seldom get reported . Too bad ! 
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted " Allah hu Akbar !" as he slaughtered clubgoers . 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade . 
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida . He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with ! 
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election , but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms . If you want your Stocks to go down , I strongly suggest voting Democrat . They like the Venezuela financial model , High Taxes Open Borders ! 
released by " Intelligence " even knowing there is no proof , and never will be . My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days ! 
The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims , their families , and the survivors . We will stand by their side FOREVER ! [URL] 
To Iranian President Rouhani : NEVER , EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE . WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE DEATH . BE CAUTIOUS ! 
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn . He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers . He will be missed . 
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory -- was dopey [HANDLE] . He should be fired ! 
Wow , Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace . But when will the top executives at NBC Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News . Check out Andy Lacks past ! 
Will miss [HANDLE] tonight at the [HASHTAG] . I hope all of Ben ' s followers will join the [HASHTAG] . We will never forget . 
As promised on the campaign trail , we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed thrive as the economy grows ! [URL] 
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night . You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little . You have my complete and total Endorsement ! 
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls , the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJNBC poll . 
Great job on Fox this morning [HANDLE] . I am sending out for your book immediately . Thank you very much ! 
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama , Bush or Clinton . Maybe tougher than any other President . At the same time , as I have often said , getting along with Russia is a good thing , not a bad thing . I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again ! 
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he ' s in Japan ? Thousands of American lives lost . [HASHTAG] 
 . [HANDLE] of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled , Our Lost Declaration . Highly recommended ! 
Id strip the whole bunch of them . Theyre all corrupt . Theyve all abused their power . Theyve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda . They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States . [HANDLE] 
Crazy [HANDLE] is now complaining that [HANDLE] did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me . Tough ! 
Lyin ' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq . were caused by me . I had NOTHING to do with story ! 
President Trumps Approval Rating on Economy is at 52 , a 4 point jump . Fox Poll [HANDLE] Shouldnt this be at 100 ? Best stock market , economy and unemployment numbers ever ! Most people working within U . S . ever ! Low interest rates , very low inflation ! Country doing great ! 
80 of Mexicos Exports come to the United States . They totally rely on us , which is fine with me . They do have , though , very strong Immigration Laws . The U . S . has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix . Will speak to Mexico ! 
The already discredited Woodward book , so many lies and phony sources , has me calling Jeff Sessions mentally retarded and a dumb southerner . I said NEITHER , never used those terms on anyone , including Jeff , and being a southerner is a GREAT thing . He made this up to divide ! 
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally . Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive . Will be an amazing evening ! 
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself . I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day . Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this . It will happen ! 
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia . They would rather go to war than see this . Its called Trump Derangement Syndrome ! 
The ABCWashington Post Poll , even though almost 40 is not bad at this time , was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time ! 
I kept hearing that there would be massive rallies against me in the UK , but it was quite the opposite . The big crowds , which the Corrupt Media hates to show , were those that gathered in support of the USA and me . They were big enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops ! 
 [HANDLE] : Mary Kissel is an SNL character , right ? She ' s not a real person , right ? [HASHTAG] " She is a major loser - no clue ! 
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada , the USMCA . I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement , and for good reason . Keep up the Great Work ! [HANDLE] 
Good luck to [HANDLE] on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics . She has many fans ! 
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians . Witch Hunt . Next up , 11 year old Barron Trump ! 
Thank you ! Four new [HASHTAG] polls with the MOVEMENT winning . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE GREAT AGAIN [URL] 
Pocahontas ( the bad version ), sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren , is getting slammed . She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 11024 , far less than the average American . Now Cherokee Nation denies her , DNA test is useless . Even they dont want her . Phony ! 
So funny to watch Fake News Networks , among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with , criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased . Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC , which is a total joke . 
Departing [HANDLE] for St . Charles , Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line . A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people ! [URL] [URL] 
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection . Jobs matter ! 
Well , the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O ! All the Fake News , all the money spent 0
 [HANDLE] : Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight ... [URL] A fantastic evening ! 
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U . S . A . BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL ! 
We launched a new series of [HASHTAG] videos via Facebook . A new topic everyday ! Watch : [URL] [URL] 
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see . When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn ! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win ! 
Every day , our police officers race into darkened allies , deserted streets , onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals . They see the worst of humanity they respond with the best of the American Spirit . Americas LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation ! [URL] 
Stock Market could hit all-time high ( again ) 22 , 000 today . Was 18 , 000 only 6 months ago on Election Day . Mainstream media seldom mentions ! 
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East . I will get it all done , but what a mistake , in lives and dollars ( 6 trillion ), to be there in the first place ! 
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job . He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border , fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets . He has my full and complete Endorsement ! 
The media is so dishonest . If I make a statement , they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish . They think the public is stupid ! 
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow . Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails ? 
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done . Tremendous value created since the Election . The World is respecting us again ! Companies are moving back to the U . S . A . 
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me . I destroyed his run , brought him from 7 to 0 when he got out . Now nasty ! 
While under no obligation to do so , I have raised between 5 6 million dollars , including 1million dollars from me , for our VETERANS . Nice ! 
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA , the worst economic deal in U . S . history ? 
Will be meeting at 9 : 00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America . I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here ! 
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the [HANDLE] 75th Annual National Convention . Look forward to being with all of my friends ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
In Bangladesh , hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran . 20 were killed ! 
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe , and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West , and to the world . [URL] 
Im not proud of my locker room talk . But this world has serious problems . We need serious leaders . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years . The price of soybeans has fallen 50 since 5 years before the Election . A big reason is bad ( terrible ) Trade Deals with other countries . They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers . Canada charges 275 on Dairy . Farmers will WIN ! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did . Facebook was on her side , not mine ! 
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69 of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year , a 16 year high . Nice ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97 will not watch the debate tonight ! 
Mark Penn Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff ? Why is there an Independent Counsel ? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses ... Constitution was set up to prevent this ... Stormtrooper tactics almost . A disgrace ! 
The booing at the NFL football game last night , when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees , was loudest I have ever heard . Great anger
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama . Vote for Senator Luther Strange , tough on crime border - will never let you down ! 
I have raisedgiven a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS , and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so . Watch ! 
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip , including stops , from Argentina . Not to sound naive or anything , but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting . ALL subjects discussed ! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriffs Office and the Florence Police Department tonight , in South Carolina . We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 247365 . [URL] 
Great night for Republicans ! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California . He can win . Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big , much bigger than they ever thought possible . So much for the big Blue Wave , it may be a big Red Wave . Working hard ! 
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing ( the Impeachment Scam ), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing , namely , the USMCA vote , Prescription Drug Price Reduction , Gun Safety , Infrastructure , and much more ! 
Wow , just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible . We cannot let this happen - ISIS ! 
Well , we all did it , together ! I hope the " MOVEMENT " fans will go to D . C . on Jan 20th for the swearing in . Let ' s set the all time record ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] .. Kaine is awful , Trump and Pence are the ticket .. no more lies , we are ready to see America Great Again ! 
HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient , Doctors Report . [HANDLE] Such great news for so many . Tremendous progress being made ! 
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn ' t get indicted while Bob M did ? 
Theyre trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal . [HANDLE] The problem is , Trump did nothing wrong ! 
Rep . Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother . Permission was quickly granted , whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down , a complete setup . The only real winner here is Tlaibs grandmother . She doesnt have to see her now ! 
Brandon Judd , President , National Border Patrol Council . This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries . 
Headline : Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U . S . Pledges Not to Invade - from the Failing New York Times . Also , will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May . 
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office . Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill . 
We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism .... which is the widest fishing net expedition .... every aspect of the presidents life .... all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism . [HANDLE] 
Required television watching is last weeks [HANDLE] interview with the wonderful wife of [HANDLE] and the [HANDLE] interview with a Jerome Corsi . If that doesnt tell you something about what has been going on in our Country , nothing will . Very sad ! 
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country ! Many other things likewise . So why wouldnt we win the Midterms ? Dems can never do even nearly as well ! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-ks ! 
Comey testified ( under oath ) that it was a unanimous decision on Crooked Hillary . Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED . [HANDLE] 
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House . She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector ! 
 [HANDLE] : HISTORIC !! what ' s historic is OUR national debt , record unemployment , pocketbook crisis ! THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH ! 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country . Proclamation : [URL] [URL] 
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign ( with zero proof of wrongdoing ) long before the Election in November ? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win . Unprecedented . Bigger than Watergate ! Plus , Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling . 
 . [HANDLE] is so negative , getting even worse as I get closer . Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team . Turning off ! 
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia , but it is good for the world . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
We are one nation . When one hurts , we all hurt . We must all work together-to lift each other up . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years ? Why would we take policy advice from her ? [HASHTAG] 
Hopefully others will follow suit . Our country needs should demand security . It is time to get tough be smart ! 
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center , Airport - and destroyed City
Thank you to President Trump on the Border . No American President has ever done this before . Hector Garza , National Border Patrol Council
 [HANDLE] : We ' re all enjoying you , as well , Mr . T .! You ' ve inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America ! God bless you !" Nice
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren , a very weak Senator , didn ' t lie about her heritage ( being Native American ) she would be nothing today . Pick her H
Today we celebrate Dr . Martin Luther King , Jr . for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear , that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth , we are all created equal by God . [HASHTAG] [URL] 
So funny to watch Schumer groveling . He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM ! 
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism . Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States . 
Thank you , [HANDLE] - Chris Cillizza . It is a true person of character that can change his opinion do what is right . [URL] 
Weak ineffective [HANDLE] is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response . False advertising ! 
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase " DRAIN THE SWAMP " was no longer being used by me . Actually , we will always be trying to DTS . 
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance , including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal . We have ended the war on coal , and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance ! 
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee , [HANDLE] . GOD BLESS THE U . S . A .! [URL] 
Wow , Ted Cruz got booed off the stage , didn ' t honor the pledge ! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway . No big deal ! 
Crooked Hillary can ' t close the deal with Bernie Sanders . Will be another bad day for her ! 
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis , a major problem for our country , today at 3 : 00 P . M . in Bedminster , N . J . 
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that . 
Today , I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly , decisively , and without years of needless delay . [URL] 
Man shot inside Paris police station . Just announced that terror threat is at highest level . Germany is a total mess-big crime . GET SMART ! 
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is . Truth doesnt matter to them , they only have their hatred agenda . This includes fake books , which come out about me all the time , always anonymous sources , and are pure fiction . Enemy of the People ! 
The massive TAX CUTSREFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well , actually ahead of schedule . Big benefits to all ! 
We need your vote . Go to the POLLS ! Let ' s continue this MOVEMENT ! Find your poll location : [URL] [URL] 
It is our sacred duty to support Americas Service Members every single day they wear the uniform and every day after when they return home as Veterans . Together we will HONOR those who defend us , we will CHERISH those who protect us , and we will celebrate the amazing heroes ... [URL] 
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to [HANDLE] , they would be forced to make big changes at [HANDLE] , which is dying in the ratings anyway . It is so unfair with such bad , Fake News ! Why wouldnt they act . When the World watches [HANDLE] , it gets a false picture of USA . Sad ! 
European Central Bank , acting quickly , Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points . They are trying , and succeeding , in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar , hurting U . S . exports .... And the Fed sits , and sits , and sits . They get paid to borrow money , while we are paying interest ! 
Dr . Ben Carson- I concur . " I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better ." [HANDLE] 
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas . A wonderful guy , I need his help on Healthcare Tax Cuts ( Reform ). 
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected . In particular , African Americans will not be ble to vote for you . I , on the other hand , was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform , which had tremendous support , and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill ! 
As President , I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most . [URL] [URL] 
The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior , at no cost to the U . S . or our allies . Thats the definition of a foreign-policy achievement . Bret Stephens , [HANDLE] We are getting stronger all over the world , watch ! 
Under our horrible immigration laws , the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions . House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons ( Crazy Dems opposed ). Need to get this bill to my desk fast ! 
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer ! 
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks . If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election , the U . S . would be in a Depression right now ! We were heading down , and dont let the Democrats sound bites fool you ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] And we will get it back once we have President Trump ! Can ' t wait ! 
Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers ... also , his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers . We will make great progress together ! 
 . [HANDLE] Kellyanne , you were fantastic on [HANDLE] today . Keep going - I will win for the people . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist ! 
Join me in Cincinnati , Ohio tomorrow evening at 7 : 00pm . I am grateful for all of your support . THANK YOU ! Tickets : [URL] 
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border . Because of the Trump Administrations actions , Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low . Stop drugs ! 
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice . All of our Nations children , regardless of background , deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream ! Time to get this done , so important ! 
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach , Virginia . Thank you ! Next stop - Cleveland , Ohio . [URL] 
The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr ( of the Justice Department whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS ). Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok . This is too crazy to be believed ! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility . 
Democrats , working with Republicans in Congress , can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly . We have a major National Emergency at our Border . GET IT DONE NOW ! 
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear , I will get most of his votes - no problem ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud , shame ! Bad reporter . 
 [HANDLE] [HANDLE] [HANDLE] The liars that signed the pledge and now won ' t support [HANDLE] IS the reason they are losers
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports . I will fix it fast- JOBS ! [URL] 
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes , a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world .... he truly loves our country and deserves everyones support ! 
ObamaCare is a broken mess . Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves ! 
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected . Federal Government is on site and ready to respond . Be safe ! 
Just out report : " United Kingdom crime rises 13 annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror ." Not good , we must keep America safe ! 
Best wishes to Prime Minister [HANDLE] and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence . We have no better friends anywhere . Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month ! 
The soon to be released book , The Russia Hoax , The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump , written by Gregg Jarrett , looks like a real deal big hit . The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see ! Out in 5 weeks . 
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Law enforcement on the scene . People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered . Looks like multiple fatalities . Beware of active shooter . God Bless All ! 
Remember , I am self-funding my campaign , the only one in either party . I ' m not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U . S . A .! 
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U . S . Senate is a SchumerPelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime , WEAK on the Border , Bad for our Military and our great Vets , Bad for our 2nd Amendment , AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY . Jones would be a disaster ! 
 [HANDLE] : Trump voters don ' t scare or back down . Our numbers are growing we ' re taking our country BACK . [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
The seriously failing [HANDLE] , despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place , only writes dishonest hits ! 
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne , Indiana ! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and [URL] tomorrow ! [URL] 
America is going to build again . Under budget and ahead of schedule . Time to put [HASHTAG] ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrows vote on National Emergency . It is very simply Border SecurityNo Crime - Should not be thought of any other way . We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well ! 
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that , if we work together , it can be immediately fixed . We need Democrat votes and all will be well ! 
And finally , Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers ( voters ) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and " choice " - a total lie ! 
Just arrived in Vietnam . Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi . Tremendous crowds , and so much love ! 
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices , something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint . Will now work with the House to help American patients ! [HASHTAG] 
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States . This is totally illegal . Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this matter ( as Comey would call it ). Investigate ! 
Thank you to [HANDLE] . A great and legitimate reporter , as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times ! [URL] 
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall , write them off as just another politician following the party line . Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have , at the same time , far greater safety and control ! 
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months ( June ) in the history of our Country . Thank you Mr . President ! 
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism , I don ' t want congrats , I want toughness vigilance . We must be smart ! 
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn ' t worked in 25 years , why would it work now ? Clinton failed , Bush failed , and Obama failed . I won ' t fail . 
Fire at Trump Tower is out . Very confined ( well built building ). Firemen ( and women ) did a great job . THANK YOU ! 
If you want to stop the drug smugglers , human traffickers , and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth , you have only one choice you must elect more REPUBLICANS ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Hey [HANDLE] - see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll ? Your endorsement means nothing ! [HASHTAG] 
 [HANDLE] : Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Wow , the [HANDLE] is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the " Trump phenomena
Today , I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS . We hope to see more transparency , more accountability , and more FREEDOM ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
My thoughts , prayers and condolences are with the families , friends and colleagues of the two [HANDLE] deputies ( HEROES ) who lost their lives in the line of duty today . 
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve , and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done . 
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through Oversight . He does NOTHING for his very poor , very dangerous and very badly run district ! Take a look .... [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives . Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders . Shutdown coming ? We need more Republican victories in 2018 ! 
So nice being with Republican Senators today . Multiple standing ovations ! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U . S . 
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough , but this was not the language used . What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA ! 
I love watching these poor , pathetic people ( pundits ) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out . They can ' t ! 
It turns out to be true now , that the Department of Justice and the FBI , under President Obama , rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump , and now it looks like in a corrupt illegal way . The facts are out now . Whole Hoax exposed . [HANDLE] 
Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed . Charles Payne [HANDLE] How much more does Mueller have to see ? They have blinders on - RIGGED ! 
How could Jeff Flake , who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight ( and who doesnt have a clue ), think about running for office , even a lower one , again ? Lets face it , hes a Flake ! 
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE , the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth ! Sorry , we cant let that happen ! Also , change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security ! 
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the 5 , 600 , 000 that I raisedgave ! 
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement insticts . 
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9 : 00pmE tomorrow night at the [HANDLE] . An exceptional person will be chosen ! 
Just leaving Florida . Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention . Very dishonest ! 
The failing [HANDLE] , which never spoke to me , keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change . False , I am who I am-never said
 [HANDLE] : Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan , Mississippi , Idaho Hawaii today ! Amazing father ! [URL] [HANDLE] 
Thank you Indiana ! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday ! I will be back soon ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA . Disgraceful ! 
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country , [HANDLE] . On behalf of all Americans , I thank them ! [HANDLE] [URL] 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] [HANDLE] what ' s with the soft wimpy questions ?!? It ' s not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all ! 
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence . Tremendous talent and spirit ! 
Fake News is at an all time high . Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories ??? 
Christopher Columbuss spirit of determination adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans . On [HASHTAG] , we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator , celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean . [URL] 
Under the leadership of Obama Clinton , Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad . Time to change the playbook ! 
 [HANDLE] : New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart [URL] [HANDLE] 
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday . While some of the news coverage is Fake , most showed great warmth and friendship . 
Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog ' Time to [HASHTAG] ! [URL] 
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin James Comey and the so-called leaders of the FBI . Twelve have been fired or forced to leave . They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation . Bad ! 
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany , but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos ( implying anger ) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for ! [URL] 
Jeb Bush , George W and George H . W . all called to express their best wishes on the win . Very nice ! 
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are , and have been , going on , and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck . 
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this [HASHTAG] . No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans ! 
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story ! Also , jobs numbers are starting to look very good ! 
The Democrats , who know Steel Slats ( Wall ) are necessary for Border Security , are putting politics over Country . What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation , including infrastructure , unless it has perfect Border Security . U . S . A . WINS ! 
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and theyre actually talking impeachment !? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems ? NO COLLUSION ! 
Word is that little Morty Zuckermans [HANDLE] loses more than 50 million per year --- can that be possible ? 
I see that John Kerry , the father of the now terminated Iran deal , is thinking of running for President . I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME ! 
Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security . Please explain that to me ? [HANDLE] 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania . Against steelworkers and miners . Husband signed NAFTA . 
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December , as reported by the Failing New York Times , I would have fired him . Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper ! 
The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist . Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for . They are a discgrace to journalism but then again , so are many others ! 
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation . Going to New York next week for more meetings . 
 . [HANDLE] just came out at 48 approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News . Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama . Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls ! 
Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W . H . Counsel . 
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran , ISIS , North Korea , etc . Their testimony was distorted press .... [URL] 
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing ! E-mails say the rigged system is alive well ! 
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November , paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices ! 
Mike Pompeo is outstanding . First in his class at West Point . A top student at Harvard Law School . A success at whatever he has done . We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP . He will be a great Secretary of State ! 
Im in the Oval Office . Democrats , come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security , including the Wall . You voted yes in 2006 and 3013 . One more yes , but with me in office , Ill get it built , and Fast ! 
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time . Highly restrictive on Trade ! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers ! They report a really high surplus on trade with us . Do Timber Lumber in U . S .? 
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat [HASHTAG] . Let ' s Make America Great Again ! [URL] 
For those that naively ask why didnt the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year , it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES , and they will gives us NONE for Border Security ! Now we have to do it the hard way , with a Shutdown . Too bad ! [HANDLE] 
Camp David is a very special place . An honor to have spent the weekend there . Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do ! 
The WALL , which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls , will continue to be built . 
Great day for America ' s future Security and Safety , courtesy of the U . S . Supreme Court . I will keep fighting for the American people , WIN ! 
How much longer will the failing nytimes , with its big losses and massive unfunded liability ( and non-existent sources ), remain in business ? 
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township , Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY ! Tickets : [URL] [URL] 
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds , but the media refuses to show or discuss them . Something very big is happening ! 
Megan King , who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election , has my Full and Total Endorsement . She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law . Vote for Megan tomorrow ( Tuesday ). 
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I " would never be president " - This from perhaps the worst president in U . S . history ! 
 [HANDLE] : Breaking News : Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists [URL] 
Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance wthe nuclear deal , while it brazenly violates the other limits .." Amb . [HANDLE] [URL] 
I will bring our jobs back to the U . S ., and keep our companies from leaving . Nobody else can do it . Our economy will " sing " again . 
Fantastic to have 400 , 000 GREAT MEN WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D . C . showing their patriotism . They love our Country , they love our Flag , they stand for our National Anthem ! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller . 
President Donald J . Trumps Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers . Read more : [URL] [URL] 
Cruz came to Mississippi , there was nobody there , he left the state . I had a rally in Madison , MS with 10 , 000 ! Thank you ! 
He ( President Trump ) didnt specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo ofunless you investigate thiswere going to withhold military aid to you . Pamela Brown
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmenwomen in November . Dems are just playing games , have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem . We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave ! 
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader . Perhaps they will vote him out of office . He doesnt get it ! [URL] [URL] 
The crowd in front of the U . S . Supreme Court is tiny , looks like about 200 people ( most are onlookers ) - that wouldnt even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally , or any of our Rallies for that matter ! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big , its not ! 
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY : FL , OH , PA , MI , GA , TX , NM , IN , LA , TN , AR , KY , SC . Register : [URL] 
Last year , I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable . Since my inauguration , we have removed more than 3 , 600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve .... [URL] 
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott , Senator Ted Cruz , Lt . Gov . Dan Patrick , and Attorney General Ken Paxton . They are helping me to Make America Great Again ! Vote early or on March 6th . 
Low energy candidate [HANDLE] has wasted 80 million on his failed presidential campaign . Millions spent on me . He should go home and relax ! 
Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI . We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt . JOE DIGENOVA , former U . S . Attorney . 
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places , the Florida Panhandle , where weve given , and are giving , billions of for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael . Even though the Dems are totally in our way ( they dont want money to go there ) were getting it done ! 
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U . S . keeps raising interest rates . Not acceptable ! 
Jenna Ellis FBI thought they wouldnt get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win . There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop . 
My daughter , Ivanka , just arrived in South Korea . We cannot have a better , or smarter , person representing our country . 
Today ' s EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis . Watch listening session [URL] 
 . [HANDLE] has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes , creating great new healthcare programs at low cost , fighting for Border Security , our Military and are Vets . He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement . The Great State of Louisiana , we want Clay ! 
Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate . Thom is tough on Crime , Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration . He loves our Military , our Vets and our great Second Amendment . I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement ! 
Anything in this very interesting world is possible , but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea , will do nothing to interfere or end it . He also knows that I am with him does not want to break his promise to me . Deal will happen ! 
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on [HANDLE] - way to go Pat , way ahead of your time ! 
According to polling , few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax , but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive . They should focus on legislation or , even better , an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal ! 
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes , giving students the option of studying the Bible . Starting to make a turn back ? Great ! 
We are working hard at the Border , but we need a WALL ! In 2018 , 1 . 7 million pounds of narcotics seized , 17 , 000 adults arrested with criminal records , and 6000 gang members , including MS-13 , apprehended . A big Human Trafficking problem . 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus , either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified . 
Just left Florida for D . C . The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable . Damage horrific but will be better than ever ! 
Dishonest media says Mexico won ' t be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly . Media is fake ! 
Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump . This conversation was long , friendly , and it touched on many questions . [HANDLE] Correct . If your looking for something done wrong , just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe . He is being protected by the Media ! 
I am on [HANDLE] tonight , a big special . [HANDLE] at 8 : 00 P . M . ENJOY ! 
I heard that [HANDLE] was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D , a big failure in TV ( someone I helped ), was nasty . Irrelevant ! 
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend , Senator Thad Cochran . He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill . Thad never let our Country ( or me ) down ! 
The very outdated filibuster rule must go . Budget reconciliation is killing R ' s in Senate . Mitch M , go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN . IT ' S TIME ! 
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called Kids In Cages , Inhumane Treatment at the Border , because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years . Very embarrassing ! [HANDLE] 
Anybody ( especially Fake News media ) who thinks that Repeal Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party ! 
Buy American hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda , which is : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Thank you [HANDLE] . 
Alan Dershowitz : These are not crimes . He ( Mueller ) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner . I dont see any evidence of crimes . This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately . Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side . Where is the IG REPORT ? 
Countries charge U . S . companies taxes or tariffs while the U . S . charges them nothing or little . We should charge them SAME as they charge us ! 
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States . Our relationship with China has been a very good one , and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with . We must act soon ! 
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal . 
 . [HANDLE] is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania . He is strong on the Border , Crime , the Military , our Vets and the 2nd Amendment . Lloyd has my Total Endorsement ! 
Art Laffer just said that he doesn ' t know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cutreform bill and live with themselves ! [HANDLE] 
 . [HANDLE] looks more like a gym rat than a U . S . Senator . How the hell did he ever get elected ? [HANDLE] 
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U . S . Senate , and epic victory : 53 to 47 . The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House , where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents . 
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole . We have just killed the leader of that attack , Jamal al-Badawi . Our work against al Qaeda continues . We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism ! 
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today . [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
 . And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women . Lesley Stahl tape ? 
Thank you [HANDLE] for your nice words - great knowledge and style ! We are doing really well in South Carolina . [HANDLE] [HANDLE] 
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10 : 00 ( Eastern ) Network . ENJOY ! 
I look forward to meeting [HANDLE] today in New Jersey . She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa ! 
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime . They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border . [HASHTAG] ! 
Today , I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA . We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits , for our great Country . Massive military energy orders happening ! 
 . [HANDLE] was one of the worst performing stocks on the SP last year , plunging 46 . Very disloyal company . Another win for Trump ! Boycott . 
 [HANDLE] : You have great children , future presidents ... and we all see were raised right and out there for their father ." Thank you . 
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation . Also discussed NoKo trade , two very important subjects ! 
When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs , we will FIND IT , we will DREAM IT , and we will BUILD IT . [URL] 
ObamaCare is a total disaster . Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive . Doesn ' t work , I will REPEAL AND REPLACE ! 
Drug prices declined in 2018 , the first time in nearly half a century . During the first 19 months of my Administration , Americans saved 26 Billion on prescription drugs . Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working ! 
I ' ll be in one of my favorite places this morning , Staten Island . Big crowd , will be fun ! 
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck . He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth ! His poll # ' s are way down ! 
Rick Scott was up by 50 , 000 votes on Election Day , now they found many votes and he is only up 15 , 000 votes . The Broward Effect . How come they never find Republican votes ? 
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November . He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement ! 
Great visit to Detroit church , fantastic reception , and all [HANDLE] talks about is a small protest outside . Inside a large and wonderful crowd ! 
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy . This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country ! 
I want to applaud the FBI , Secret Service , Department of Justice , the U . S . Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York , the NYPD , and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work , skill and determination ! 
 . [HANDLE] is [HASHTAG] . Just reported COS ( John Kelly ) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG , ANTHEM , COUNTRY . Total lie ! 
Based on Justins false statements at his news conference , and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U . S . farmers , workers and companies , I have instructed our U . S . Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U . S . Market ! 
Yesterday , on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine , Pavlo [URL] 
We lose 300 Americans a week , 90 of which comes through the Southern Border . These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall ! 
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy . Amazon should pay these costs ( plus ) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer . Many billions of dollars . P . O . leaders dont have a clue ( or do they ?)! 
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving [HANDLE] . [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
I will be on [HANDLE] live , with members of my family , at 11 : 50 P . M . We will ring in the New Year together ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania . [HANDLE] . This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole . Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP ! 
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally . Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night ! 
When Prime Minister [HANDLE] of Japan visited with me in the [HANDLE] two weeks ago , I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka , Japan . I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders ! 
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the [HASHTAG] in Canada . They are once again , WRONG ! [URL] 
It was my great honor to welcome President [HANDLE] of France to the United States , here in New York City , this evening ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
With President Trump at the helm , not only is America getting great again , but hes going to make our estuaries , our rivers , our water - everything better - the things he is doing , and done , are just helping America tremendously . Thank you to Bruce Hrobak [HANDLE] 
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda . She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat . I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District ! 
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado . God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening . We are in close contact with Law Enforcement . 
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton . 
Id like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL . This will help stop Crime , Human Trafficking , and Drugs entering our Country . Watch , when you get back to your State , they will LOVE you more than ever before ! 
Never has the press been more inaccurate , unfair or corrupt ! We are not fighting the Democrats , they are easy , we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media . They have gone totally CRAZY . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition . Crime in Germany is way up . Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture ! 
Barack Obama talked a lot about hope , but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream . All the economic indicators , whats happening overseas , Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama . President Trump is delivering the American Dream . Jason Chaffetz
Republicans must make the horrendous , weak and outdated immigration laws , and the Border , a part of the Midterms ! 
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days ... [URL] 
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump ? They were headed for 10 years in jail ! 
Congressman Chris Stewart : No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they ( the Democrats ) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas . This is unprecedented . They are desperately trying to find anything they can , even a punctuation mistake in a document ! 
Big announcement in Ames , Iowa on Tuesday ! You will not want to miss this rally ! [HASHTAG] [URL] [URL] 
While I very much appreciate P . M . Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal . They are not ready , and neither are we ! 
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant ! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you , for Northwest Ohio , for our GREAT MILITARY , and for our entire Country ... [URL] 
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers . Get together and make a deal ! 
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz ' s far too long , rambling , overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment ! 
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted , illegal and rigged ! Should never have been allowed to begin , except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats . Witch Hunt ! 
Can ' t believe these totally phoney stories , 100 made up by women ( many already proven false ) and pushed big time by press , have impact ! 
Captain Khan , killed 12 years ago , was a hero , but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our " leaders " to eradicate it ! 
Here we go with Mitt Romney , but so fast ! Question will be , is he a Flake ? I hope not . Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful . I won big , and he didnt . He should be happy for all Republicans . Be a TEAM player WIN ! 
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak . They dont see crime drugs , they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win . Best economy ! They should do the right thing for the Country allow people to go back to work . 
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week . Couldnt get into packed SNHU Arena . Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday . They were caught red handed , just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News ( who should be immediately fired for his mistake ). Watch to see if [HANDLE] fires those responsible , or was it just gross incompetence ? 
Little Adam Schiff , who is desperate to run for higher office , is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington , right up there with Comey , Warner , Brennan and Clapper ! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information . Must be stopped ! 
To the [HANDLE] Class of 2018 , I say : We know you are up to the task . We know you will make us proud . We know that glory will be yours . Because you are WINNERS , you are WARRIORS , you are FIGHTERS , you are CHAMPIONS , and YOU will lead us to VICTORY ! God Bless the U . S . A .! [URL] 
I cant think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election ! Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election . A Rigged Witch Hunt ! p
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble ( oil ), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio , the lightweight from Florida
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges , and outright lies , in order to elect Crooked Hillary ! 
Please remember , I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign . Kasich , Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists ! 
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China . [URL] 
Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington . You never hear his name , hes never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar . Chris Wallace on [HANDLE] In other words , Nelson is a stiff . 
This is everything FDR dreamed about , the New Deal to put America back to work . Think of LBJ , he gave people food stamps welfare . Donald Trumps giving them a job . Hes got a lot of good things to talk about . News stories do not accurately cover him , should correct . [HANDLE] 
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation , our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all . Proclamation : [URL] [URL] 
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20 issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow . The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime ! 
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think . He is living in a world of the make believe ! 
 [HANDLE] : [HANDLE] is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio . [HASHTAG] " He is weak on illegal immigration ! 
I am going to keep our jobs in the U . S ., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure . Crooked Hillary has no clue ! [HANDLE] 
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent . The USA is in better shape than ever before . Strongest Military by far , biggest Economy ( no longer even close ), number one in Energy ! MAGA KAG ! 
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats dont really want it , they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military . 
2004 VIDEO : Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet . Time for change ! [HASHTAG] [URL] 
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week . Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed . Details of Summit are being worked out now . Denuclearization will be a great thing for World , but also for North Korea ! 
HOLD THE DATE ! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington , D . C ., on July 4th . It will be called A Salute To America and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial . Major fireworks display , entertainment and an address by your favorite President , me ! 
 [HANDLE] : Michigan GOP poll 2242016 Trump 35 . 5 Rubio 15 . 0 Cruz 14 . 3 Kasich 12 . 8 Carson 8 . 3 [HANDLE] " Wow ! 
Crazy Maxine Waters : After we impeach Trump , well go after Mike Pence . Well get him . [HANDLE] Where are the Democrats coming from ? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control ! 
This week , the Senate can join the House take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America . Together , we will give the American people a big , beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY ! [URL] 
Mexicos Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers , probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border . Better not happen again ! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border . Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending returning ! 
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D . C . Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects . Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers . [URL] 
Really sad news : The great Arnold Palmer , the " King ," has died . There was no-one like him - a true champion ! He will be truly missed . 
 [HANDLE] : 200 , 000 new followers for [HANDLE] . From 10 , 800 , 000 to 11 , 000 , 000 , All in the last ten days or so ! [HASHTAG] [HASHTAG] 
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling . Just hit 50 , which is higher than Cheatin Obama at the same time in his Administration . 
One of the most accurate polls last time around . But [HASHTAG] likes to say were in the 30s . They are wrong . Some people think numbers could be in the 50 ' s . Together , WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! [URL] 
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI . We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country ( thanks Comey !). [HANDLE] Its a scandal . [HANDLE] 
The Democrats , whose votes we need in the Senate , will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED . If the Dems vote no , there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time . People dont want Open Borders and Crime ! 
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet : THANK YOU !" John Wayne Walding [URL] 
Making America Safe is my number one priority . We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet . [URL] 
